"""I released all my emails."" "
110 people a day move to Austin. 
"Dan Branch ""once lobbied for the AFL-CIO."" "
" On new dollar coins, ""'In God We Trust' is gone!"" "
" ""We're bankrupt."""
" ""There’s a mosque inside of the Pentagon."" "
"The Iraq war has been ""our longest war."""
" ""No Bridge to Nowhere could occur."""
" The Red Sox waited ""87 long years"" to win the World Series. "
"""Tens of thousands of fraudulent Clinton votes found in Ohio warehouse."" "
"climate scientist James Hansen ""we have until perhaps 50 years from now,"" or maybe a little longer ""and at that point, we are looking at 10, 20, 30 feet of sea-level rise."" "
"that when San Francisco banned plastic grocery bags, ""you saw the number of instances of people going to the ER with things like salmonella and other related illnesses"" spike. "
"""There is long historical precedent for a Supreme Court with fewer justices."" "
"Harambe received 15,000 votes in the presidential election.   "
"Donald Trump's presidential victory was ""an electoral landslide.""     "
"Ed Gillespie ""would not mention (Donald Trump’s) name unless he was condemning him."" "
"""Report: 3 million votes in presidential election cast by illegal aliens.""   "
"Scott Walker left college ""under an ethical cloud for having tried to fix"" the election for student body president.   "
"""Donald Trump Protester Speaks Out: 'I Was Paid $3,500 To Protest Trump's Rally.' "" "
Denzel Washington supports Donald Trump and speaks out against Barack Obama. 
" ""America’s tax code hasn’t been updated in 30 years."" "
A picture shows former President Bill Clinton naked with another woman. 
"""The @nytimes sent a letter to their subscribers apologizing for their BAD coverage of me."" "
"""The @nytimes states today that DJT believes ‘more countries should acquire nuclear weapons.’ How dishonest are they. I never said this!"" "
"""Final election 2016 numbers: Trump won"" the popular vote. "
"Margaret Sanger ""wanted a black Christian leader to be like a Judas goat and lead the blacks to genocide. Remember that? And they picked Martin Luther King as their spokesman."" "
"""Two years ago, the longest serving leader of the California republic, Jerry Brown, boldly declared in China that California is a separate nation."" "
"""1928 was last time Republicans had the White House, the House and the Senate."" "
"the KKK marched in Mebane, N.C., after Trump’s victory "
"""thousands"" at a Manhattan rally for Donald Trump were chanting ""We hate Muslims, we hate blacks, we want our great country back."" "
"""Beyonce and Jay Z, I like them, I like them ... I get bigger crowds than they do. It's true. I get far bigger crowds."" "
"""Casey Weinstein: No faith in our military"" ... ""When some of our cadets wanted to watch a religious film, Casey Weinstein sued the U.S. military. Sued our soldiers?""   "
"""The Declaration of Independence was written on paper made out of hemp."" "
"""There’s a section in the Constitution called the Emoluments Clause that no one, nor their spouses, can take money from foreigners. (Hillary Clinton) has to be guilty of 70 or 100 counts just on that one charge."" "
"that at a campaign rally President Barack Obama ""spent so much time screaming at a protester, and frankly it was a disgrace."" "
"Roy Blunt ""voted to raise his own pay 12 times"" while in Congress. "
"Democrat Stephen Webber ""voted to allow sex offenders to be within 500 feet of childcare centers and playgrounds, and even voted to allow sex offenders to be coaches."" "
"""On three occasions, judges had to stop Jason Kander from manipulating elections."" "
"Kelly Ayotte ""voted for a budget that had $90 billion of cuts to Pell Grants."" "
"""The Democrats are very sly. … (in New Hampshire) we have same day voter registration, and to be honest, when Massachusetts elections are not very close, they’re busing them in all over the place."" "
"""We can fix our roads without raising taxes."" "
"""The photonics bill that was sponsored in Congress and written, was written by Congressman Tom Reed, not Congresswoman Louise Slaughter."" "
"Mike Coffman said two different things: ""stop the deportations"" in a Spanish-language debate and ""you're going to be deported"" in an English-language TV interview.   "
"""I have tremendous support from women."" "
"""FBI confirms evidence of huge underground Clinton sex network."" "
"""Prior to Obamacare here in Wisconsin, 95 percent of Wisconsinites were covered by insurance. After Obamacare, 95 percent of Wisconsinites were covered by insurance. It hasn’t had an impact."" "
"The media ""never show crowds.""   "
"Ron Johnson ""is benefiting from several super PACs, I am not."" "
"""Students at the University of Texas in Austin have been advised not to wear cowboy boots or cowboy hats on Halloween."" "
"In Chicago, which has the toughest gun laws in the United States, probably you could say by far, they have more gun violence than any other city. "
"""Amendment 1 protects Florida seniors from scams and rip-offs."" "
"Russ Feingold ""voted to raise taxes on Social Security benefits for seniors, he even tried to give Social Security benefits to illegal immigrants.""   "
"""In two terms in the Missouri General Assembly, Jason Kander passed ZERO bills that were signed into law."" "
"""In many instances, (people's) health care costs are more than their mortgage costs or their rent, which, by the way, is a first in American history."" "
"""Twitter, Google and Facebook are burying the FBI criminal investigation of Clinton. Very dishonest media!""  "
"Chris Koster ""fell silent"" as attorney general in pursuing a case against a free classified service accused of promoting prostitution after accepting ""over $12,000 in campaign contributions' from people affiliated with the service."" "
"Russ Feingold ""got paid $8,000 a lecture at Stanford University."" "
that he’s responsible for Austin including Anderson Mill Road in the city's proposed transportation bond package. 
"""Morgan Carroll opposed requiring convicted sex offenders to register their online profiles, making it harder to track online sex offenders and child predators."" "
"When asked about bills in Congress important to the North Country, Derrick responded ‘I just don’t know enough about it.’ "
Gerald Daugherty is endorsed by the Austin American-Statesman. 
"""One of George Soros' companies has provided some of the (voting) machines"" for some states.   "
"Ohio’s I-X Center ""used to be a great plant,"" but ""thousands of people of worked here, and they left"" when their jobs were moved overseas. "
"Hillary Clinton ""wants to let people just pour in. You could have 650 million people pour in and we do nothing about it. Think of it. That’s what could happen. You triple the size of our country in one week."" "
"Hillary Clinton ""shows up in Broward County"" and had a private meeting with elections supervisor Brenda Snipes. "
"""Jack Berry voted for a plan to cut $23.8 million from our schools."" "
"Lee Zeldin ""missed 2/3rds of Veterans Affairs Hearings"" "
"""No fracking waste is being dumped in New York State"" "
"FBI Director James Comey’s letter about new developments in the investigation into her emails ""only"" went ""to Republican members of the House."" "
"The ""left"" is blatantly attempting to disrupt Georgia’s elections. "
"Democratic challenger for his N.C. House seat ""raised taxes on clothing, school supplies – even baby diapers!"" "
"it’s not possible for some Wisconsin residents to watch Packers games, ""they’re forced to watch Viking games,"" so he ""got a law passed to fix"" the problem. "
"drug dealers have ""overdosed on purpose"" to avoid prosecution. "
"Austin Mayor Steve Adler’s transportation plans linked to Proposition 1 on the ballot remove ""27+ miles of traffic lanes around the city,"" replacing ""them with lanes dedicated to usage by bicycles"" and buses.     "
"HB2 ""hasn’t moved the needle one iota"" on North Carolina’s economy. "
"""When Trump wanted to turn a taxpayer-owned building into an $800 a night hotel, (Congressman Jeff Denham, R-CA) helped broker the deal and bragged about it."" "
"""On ISIS, (Michael Bennet) chose the (Washington) insiders over our generals.""   "
"President Obama ""was proposing pinprick strikes"" for military intervention in Syria. "
"Democratic U.S. Senate candidate Russ Feingold ""voted over 250 times to raise taxes.""   "
"""The man who was in charge of the investigation of Hillary Clinton accepted essentially from Hillary Clinton $675,000 that went to his wife."" "
"""It's four or five states where the number of insurance options have narrowed"" under the Affordable Care Act. "
"""Recently though, the media has reported on thousands of illegal voters here in the commonwealth."" "
"Ron Johnson ""has essentially done nothing"" to fight heroin addiction and opioid abuse. "
"""Wikileaks also shows how John Podesta rigged the polls by oversampling Democrats, a voter suppression technique."" "
"California’s proposed tobacco tax ""diverts 82 percent of the new taxes to line the pockets of wealthy special interests like insurance companies who don't have to help even one more patient.""   "
"Gerald Daugherty advocated lowering the penalty for crimes like strangulation in domestic violence cases because ""they just ‘throw more people into the’"" jail ""‘system.""  "
"""14 percent of noncitizens are registered to vote.""   "
"""Just like Donald Trump, David Jolly wants to outlaw a woman's right to choose."" "
"Hillary Clinton takes ""tens of millions of dollars from countries that hate women, that disrespect women, that throw gays off of buildings."" "
"Rob Portman was a registered foreign agent whose ""client was Haiti, at a time when the Baby Doc, Duvalier, who was a despot, was killing people."" "
"""Donald Trump's education plan to dramatically slash funding for public education would fire 49,000 Texas teachers."" "
"The stories from women saying he groped or forced himself on them ""largely have been debunked."" "
"Hillary Clinton is ""wrong"" to say he mocked a disabled reporter. "
"When Hillary Clinton ""ran the State Department, $6 billion was missing. How do you miss $6 billion? You ran the State Department, $6 billion was either stolen — they don't know."" "
"Hillary Clinton's ""plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes."" "
"Hillary Clinton ""wants to have open borders."" "
"""When Rachel Zenzinger was on the Arvada City Council, she voted to spend taxpayer funds for a junket to China."" "
"""It’s possible that non-citizen voters were responsible for Obama’s 2008 victory in North Carolina."" "
"""State Department officials actually directed contracts for the Haitian recovery after the earthquake to friends of the Clintons.""   "
Creflo Dollar has endorsed Republican Donald Trump for president. 
"""During his 18-year Senate career, (Russ Feingold) supported judges who voted to deny your individual Second Amendment right. … (He) promises to protect those rights, but that's not what his record shows.""   "
"""Back in the Great Recession, when millions of  jobs across America hung in the balance, Donald Trump said rescuing the auto industry didn’t really matter very much. He said, and I quote again, ‘Let it go.’ ""   "
"that compared to direct sales by manufacturers, consumers ""save avg of $500 per car sold through franchised dealer model."" "
"""Not even Tim Kaine is willing"" to say he trusts Hillary Clinton.  "
"""Many of (Hillary Clinton's) friends took bigger deductions (than me). Warren Buffett took a massive deduction. (George) Soros, who is a friend of hers, took a massive deduction."" "
"Hillary Clinton was ""let off the hook"" for her email scandal while Gen. David Petraeus had his life ""destroyed for doing far, far less."" "
"""Of course, there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day."" "
"""Workers in the United States are making less than they were almost 20 years ago, and yet they are working harder."" "
"allegations that he made unwanted sexual advances on a female sheriff’s deputy ""were found by two separate judges to not have merit."" "
"Hillary Clinton said gun confiscation ""would be worth considering."" "
"""New York State has been horribly, horribly hurt by NAFTA"" "
"""We know that more than half of Hillary Clinton's meetings while she was secretary of state were given to major contributors to the Clinton Foundation.""   "
"""After how hard you work and how much you pay in taxes, New York City ends up getting the money. I'm Chris Jacobs. I think it's time we have someone in Albany that's making sure our region gets our fair share"" "
"""We don't have any"" chess grandmasters in the United States. "
"Libya ""Ambassador (Christopher) Stevens sent 600 requests for help"" in Benghazi. "
"""Just like Hillary Clinton,"" Russ Feingold had a ""run-in with corruption and scandal by using a personal slush fund -- a.k.a. the Feingold Foundation --  while plotting another run for U.S. Senate.""   "
"""If you look worldwide, the number of terrorist incidents have not substantially increased."" "
"""Lindsay Parkhurst wants to take away programs like Social Security and Medicare that seniors have earned throughout their lifetimes."" "
"""Cancer and matters to do with kidney failure kill more people in Kenya today than malaria, tuberculosis and AIDS combined."" "
"Pete Gallego ""went and lobbied after you fired him from Congress."" "
"he won the second debate with Hillary Clinton ""in a landslide"" in ""every poll."" "
"""I’ve been proven right"" about ""Hillary Clinton's radical call for open borders, meaning anyone in the world can enter the United States without any limit at all."" "
"Syrian refugees are not being vetted, and ""the FBI is not even being told where they are."" "
"""We are now, for the first time ever, energy independent."" "
Patrick Murphy wrongly conveyed Rubio's stance on abortion for women infected by Zika. 
"""I've gotten to see the commercials that they did on you. And I've gotten to see some of the most vicious commercials I've ever seen of Michelle Obama talking about you, Hillary."" "
"Sidney Blumenthal wrote that the Benghazi attack was ""almost certainly preventable. Clinton was in charge of the State Department, and it failed to protect U.S. personnel and an American consulate in Libya."" "
"""Stopped by Smiley Cookie to pick up some great cookies for the family, along with Rudy."" "
"""Hillary Clinton set aside environmental and labor rules to help a South Korean company with a record of violating workers’ rights set up what amounts to a sweatshop in Haiti."" "
"""Rob Portman voted for the bipartisan bill to affirm climate change is real, humans significantly contribute to it and it needs to be addressed."" "
"Hillary Clinton ""viciously"" attacked women abused by Bill Clinton. "
"Donald Trump ""that NATO is obsolete and that we need to get rid of NATO...""   "
"""I was gone"" when there was a red line against Syria. "
"""ICE just endorsed me."" "
"after Hillary Clinton helped a man accused of raping a 12-year-old, ""she's seen laughing on two separate occasions, laughing at the girl who was raped."" "
"a tweet he sent out ""wasn’t saying, ‘check out a sex tape.’ It was just ‘take a look at"" the background of Alicia Machado. "
"""These are radical Islamic terrorists, and (Hillary Clinton) won't even mention the word."" "
"Hillary Clinton ""wants to go to a single-payer plan"" for health care "
"he has ""a fiduciary responsibility to his business, his family and his employees to pay no more tax than legally required."" "
"Hillary Clinton ""supports unlimited abortion on demand up until the moment of birth, including partial-birth abortion, with taxpayer funding.""   "
"Will Hurd said a border-long U.S.-Mexico wall ""absolutely makes sense."" "
"""If you give guns to gangs, you can get out of jail free, if (California’s Proposition 57) passes. If you do a drive-by shooting, you can get out of jail free, if Proposition 57 passes. If you discharge guns on a school yard, you can get out of jail free."" "
"""11 straight years of no major hurricanes striking land"" in the United States ""bores a hole right through the whole climate change argument.""   "
"Chris Jacobs ""has been financed by the same men who are now facing charges in one of Western New York’s largest public corruption schemes"" "
"""It’s bad enough that (Stephen) Silberkraus appeared in a sexual fetish film where women were kidnapped from their homes and forced to live naked in kennels and trained to be pets. But when Silberkraus isn’t acting in films that degrade women, he’s stalking them in his personal time."" "
"Maggie Hassan ""raised tuition, making it the highest in America."" "
"As a result of Chris Sununu’s vote against a Planned Parenthood contract, ""nearly 3,000 fewer"" women and families statewide accessed health care for birth control, cancer screenings and annual exams. "
"""Toomey and Trump will ban abortion and punish women who have them."" "
"""In her campaign for president, Hillary Clinton has received $100 million in contributions from Wall Street and hedge funds."" "
"Donald Trump ""hasn’t broken his promise"" to release his tax returns. "
"state Sen. Morgan Carroll's votes made ""it easier to sue doctors, small businesses, even nurses. Putting her own shady interests first."" "
"Mike Madigan made a fortune on tax appeals… Saving his friends millions... It’s an inside game played by people like Merry Marwig, Madigan’s hand-picked candidate. When Marwig thought her property taxes were too high she got them lowered at your expense. Saved so much she did it again. Marwig and Madigan: Profiting from the same corrupt system. "
"Ron Johnson ""helped companies ship jobs overseas."" "
"Donald Trump ""never said that"" more nations should get nuclear weapons. "
"Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine ""want to expand (Obamacare) into a single-payer program."" "
"Donald Trump would ""engage in a risky scheme to privatize Social Security."" "
"""10 cents on the dollar from the Clinton Foundation goes to charitable causes."" "
"""Iraq has been overrun by ISIS because Hillary Clinton failed to renegotiate . . . a status of forces agreement."" "
"On Tim Kaine: ""In exchange for campaign contributions, he appointed a radical jihadi to the Virginia Immigration Commission."" "
"""The 'New York Times' writes this long story"" about Donald Trump’s tax returns but ""didn't point out there was no wrongdoing"" until paragraph 18. "
"The Great Recession emerged ""in large part because of tax policies that slashed taxes on the wealthy, failed to invest in the middle class, took their eyes off of Wall Street, and created a perfect storm."" "
"Hillary Clinton has ""taken hundreds of millions from those countries"" where ""women are stoned, where women are killed for adultery and women can't drive."" "
"Proposition 205 ""blocks market entry"" for new marijuana dispensaries. "
"Tom Nelson ""backed higher taxes on Social Security, costing Wisconsin seniors $95 million.""   "
"Hillary Clinton ""gave up 20 percent of America's uranium supply to Russia.""   "
"Miami Congressman Carlos ""Curbelo supports drilling offshore"" and ""repeatedly voted against President Obama's ability to fight pollution and combat climate change."" "
"Hillary Clinton ""wants to bring in thousands of refugees to America from all around the world without any kind of security screening."" "
"Rob Portman ""even voted to allow people on the terrorism watch list to buy guns."" "
"""Not one illness has been reported from raw milk in"" Texas ""in more than four years. A total of six illnesses have occurred in the last 20 years."" "
"Colorado Democratic congressional candidate Morgan Carroll ""racked up $11 billion in new spending"" in the state Legislature. "
Say photographs of Hillary Clinton at the debate show what could be an earpiece. 
"""no, you’re wrong,"" responding to the assertion that stop-and-frisk was ruled unconstitutional in New York. "
"Russian President Vladimir Putin ""calls me brilliant.""  "
"""Republican Mark Kirk is outsourcing his campaign to a Super PAC funded almost exclusively by a bunch of hedge fund billionaires. ... I don’t have a Super PAC."" "
"""Brock Turner’s early release will be a regular occurrence if Prop. 57 passes."" "
"to Hillary Clinton, ""You heard what I said about (the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal), and all of a sudden you were against it."" "
"""NATO is opening up a major terror division. ... I'm sure I'm not going to get credit for it, but that was largely because of what I was saying and my criticism of NATO."" "
"""Hillary Clinton's plan would bring in 620,000 refugees in her first term, alone, with no effective way to screen or vet them. Her plan would cost $400 billion in terms of lifetime welfare and entitlement costs."" "
"In New York City, ""murders are up."" "
"Hillary Clinton’s energy agenda ""will cost the U.S. economy over $5 trillion"" "
"top Clinton advisers ""were pressing"" birther movement stories ""very hard.""   "
"""The only years that anybody's ever seen"" of Donald Trump’s tax returns ""showed he didn't pay any federal income tax."" "
"""I did not support the war in Iraq … The record shows that I’m right."" "
"""You will learn more about Donald Trump by going down to the Federal Elections"" to see the financial disclosure form than by looking at tax returns. "
"""I did not — I did not — I do not say that. I do not say that"" climate change is a hoax perpetrated by the Chinese. "
"""Former President Bill Clinton and his Clinton Health Access Initiative (CHAI) distributed ‘watered-down’ HIV/AIDS drugs to patients in sub-Saharan Africa."" "
"""Our African-American communities are absolutely in the worst shape they've ever been in before. Ever. Ever. Ever."" "
"Marco Rubio voted ""against every bill that would have helped keep our families safe. He even voted against a bipartisan measure, introduced by a Republican, to prevent people on the no-fly list from purchasing guns."" "
"""I never said"" that Muslims would be subject to profiling under his policies. "
"""Over the past eight years, black youth unemployment is up."" "
"""Since 1978, California has spent $5 billion to put 13 people to death."" "
"Russ Feingold was the ""only senator to vote against Homeland Security."" "
eight Americans died in a knife attack at a Minnesota mall.   
"Says ""Patrick Murphy’s ‘Pay More’ energy agenda means you could pay another $500 a year for your utility bills!"" "
"""300,000 Floridians have lost their health insurance"" as a result of Obamacare. "
"""I finished"" the controversy about where President Barack Obama was born. "
"""Hillary Clinton and her campaign of 2008 started the birther controversy."" "
McGinty previously told a local community newspaper in her native Philadelphia that she 'has found an alarming undercurrent of misinformed people in the 'T' part of the state' outside of Philadelphia and Pittsburgh. 
"""The head of the IRS ordered 24,000 emails erased before Congress could review them, making sure the American people will never know the real truth."" "
"Ted Strickland supported giving $150 billion to Iranian regime that persecutes women, Christians and gays.   "
"""My opponent has no child care plan."" "
"""Patrick Murphy is the only candidate to have voted against every measure to fund Zika."" "
"the Donald J.Trump Foundation's money ""is his money."" "
"""If Congress fails to act, the Obama administration intends to give away control of the internet to an international body akin to the United Nations."" "
"Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin has ""ties to the Muslim Brotherhood.""   "
"Hillary Clinton had an ""undercover nurse"" with her at the Sept. 11 memorial ceremony in New York. "
"""The Germans, the French, countries that opposed us in the (Iraq) war, all believed (Saddam Hussein) had weapons of mass destruction.""   "
"California’s Prop 55 ""prevents $4 billion in new cuts to our schools."" "
"Chris ""Sununu supported Obama’s Common Core agenda, taking away local control of our schools."" "
"Say ""71 percent of doctors say Hillary's health concerns are 'serious' and 'could be disqualifying.' "" "
"""Patrick Murphy was named one of America's least effective congressmen."" "
"""That's legal: If you find out about somebody else's salary even if you're doing exactly the same job, you can be retaliated against, including being fired, in most places."" "
"""After 9/11, Jim put us all first by serving for 23 months in Iraq, the war’s longest tour."" "
"Hillary Clinton has ""not answered a single question"" about her immigration plan. "
"""Our veterans, in many cases, are being treated worse than illegal immigrants."" "
"President Barack Obama ""has taken less vacation days than any other president in a generation,"" while Congress ""has taken more vacation days than any other Congress in history."" "
"""In an interview with the Chicago Tribune's Editorial Board, Comptroller Leslie Munger that in order to balance a budget, the state would have to 'cut social services completely.'"" "
"Patrick Murphy advocated for ""cuts to Social Security and Medicare."" "
"Patrick Murphy ""never worked as a CPA"" and was ""never a small business owner."" "
"""I cast the deciding vote extending Medicaid health care coverage to 50,000 of our fellow citizens,"" "
"""Marco Rubio voted against funding health clinics that provide critical care during this public health emergency (Zika)."" "
"Donald Trump supports ""an agenda out there"" to privatize the Veterans Affairs health care system. "
" Hillary Clinton said the Veterans Affairs scandal is ""over-exaggerated."" ""She said she was satisfied with what was going on."" "
"""I was totally against the war in Iraq.""  "
"""Food stamps have gone up two-and-a-half times under Barack Obama."" "
"""I released the most extensive financial review of anybody in the history of politics. … You don't learn much in a tax return."" "
"""The Clinton Foundation gives less than 10 (percent in direct aid). In 2013, they raised 140 million bucks, gave $9 million to people in direct aid."" "
"""Donald Trump’s been completely consistent"" about his plan for nonviolent undocumented immigrants. "
"""Under Pat McCrory, (North Carolina) has fallen to 41st in teacher pay."" "
"Hillary Clinton ""abided by the ethics agreement"" between the Clinton Foundation and the Obama administration. "
"""Hillary Clinton has pledged amnesty in her first 100 days, and her plan will provide Obamacare, Social Security, and Medicare for illegal immigrants, breaking the federal budget."" "
"""As the election tracker FiveThirtyEight has reported, whoever wins Pennsylvania will be our next President."" "
"""And while (Ted) Strickland proposed cuts for services for children, he wasted over $250,000 remodeling his bathrooms at the governor’s mansion.""   "
"Democrats ""are cutting our school funding. Four times in the last 10 years before we came into office."" "
"The number of illegal immigrants ""could be 3 million. It could be 30 million."" "
"""Illegal immigration costs our country more than $113 billion a year."" "
"""Hillary Clinton wants to shut down family farms"" using ""radical regulation,"" by raising business tax ""rates as high as nearly 50 percent"" and by taxing ""family farms again at death by as much as 45 percent."" "
"""Inner-city crime is reaching record levels."" "
"As the number of vaccines administered to children has increased in the United States, so has the autism rate.   "
"""They were going to build the wall a while ago, not so long ago, like in '06. And they couldn't get environmental impact statements."" "
"""None of the polls being conducted right now have us on the top line. None of them. It's always Trump and Clinton and then second question, third question. ... If we were included in the top line, as Johnson/Trump/Clinton, we'd be at 20 percent."" "
"Hillary Clinton ""voted to raise taxes on workers earning as little as $41,500."" "
"As governor, Tim Kaine ""oversaw a huge increase in illegal immigration, a tremendous increase."" "
"""All of Texas is conservative, except a little bit of Austin."" "
"The Obama administration gave Iran ""$400 million in ransom payment cash."" "
"Hillary Clinton ""wants to raise taxes on African-American owned businesses to as much as nearly 50 percent more than they're paying now."" "
"On job creation numbers in the latest Start-Up NY report: ""This is a significant number of overcounts in the compilation that I’ve looked at."" "
"""Prop 56 cheats schools out of at least $600 million."" "
"Ron Johnson ""voted five times for tax breaks that help companies ship Wisconsin jobs overseas."" "
"The Hollywood celebrities endorsing Hillary Clinton are ""in many cases celebrities that aren’t very hot anymore."" "
"""One third of all federal prisoners today are illegal immigrants."" "
"""Since President Obama came into office, another 2 million Hispanics have joined the ranks of those in poverty. … The number of Hispanic children living in poverty increased by 15 percent in that short period of time."" "
"""The fact is"" the Clinton Foundation has ""got about 80 percent in overhead and 20 percent of the money is actually getting into the places it should."" "
"Donald Trump’s ""Make America Great Again"" caps are ""made in China."" "
"Hillary Clinton wants illegal immigrants ""collecting Social Security benefits."" "
"""NAFTA, signed by Bill Clinton, has been a disaster for Pennsylvania."" "
"""...Secret documents reveal that Iran could obtain a nuclear weapon far sooner than we were told. And Tammy Duckworth voted ‘yes’ (on the Iran nuclear deal).""  "
"a CNN anchor said that Hillary Clinton has gotten ""a free ride so far from the media. We're the biggest ones supporting her campaign."" "
"""Who would sign up to speak for a (Haitian) dictator? Rob Portman."" "
"""Even Richard Nixon released his tax returns to the public when he was running for president ..."" "
"""Medical-grade marijuana alone will not get that patient ‘high,’ no matter what level of THC, CBD or any other compound is found in the plant."" "
"Hillary Clinton is ""proposing to print instant work permits for millions of illegal immigrants to come in and take everybody's jobs, including low-income African-Americans."" "
"""Gonzales’ losing campaign against me last spring was funded with more than $1 million from supporters and allies of Governor Bruce Rauner."" "
"military commanders have said that if Donald Trump were elected, ""they would not follow his orders."" "
"""I am the only candidate who ran in either the Democratic or the Republican primary who said from the very beginning (that) I will not raise taxes on the middle class."" "
"there was a ""NATO base in Turkey being under attack by terrorists."" "
"""Under those eight years before (Barack) Obama came along, we didn’t have any successful radical Islamic terrorist attack in the United States"" since Sept. 11, 2001. "
"""Roy Cooper's refusal to do his job is costing taxpayers money."" "
"""Because there's no local option to allow communities to ban, limit or restrict the location of pot shops, if Amendment 2 passes you can expect the seedy elements of the pot industry to move in right next door to your neighborhood, your church, your business and even your child's school."" "
"""I had previously said that NATO was obsolete because it failed to deal adequately with terrorism. Since my comments, they have changed their policy and now have a new division focused on terror threats."" "
"there were multiple instances of voter fraud in Wood County, Ohio. "
"""The Pentagon itself that we could eliminate 20 percent of U.S. bases."" "
"the U.S. election system is ""rigged."" "
"""Toomey crossed party lines… to stop gun sales to suspects on the terror watch list."" "
"""One in four inmates is an illegal immigrant."" "
"""In Washington, Congressman Joe Heck supports privatizing (Social Security), turning our savings over to Wall Street and risking it on the stock market."" "
"that since lawmakers acted, ""we have 130 new businesses across Texas doing helicopter hog hunts."" "
"Hillary Clinton ""has already said she's going to wipe out the Second Amendment. She doesn't believe in the First Amendment. And, she also believes in big government, which flies in the face of the 10th Amendment"" "
"""Ted Strickland stands in lockstep with Hillary Clinton and the abortion lobby in their desire to force Americans to pay for abortion on demand, up until the moment of birth, with their taxpayer dollars."" "
"That 59 divisions in Philly had no votes for Romney in 2012 is ""(a) mathematical and statistical impossibility."" "
"""The director of the FBI said that we cannot properly vet people coming from the Middle East."" "
"Donald Trump ""has been talking about the option of using a nuclear weapon against our Western European allies."" "
"""The climate hasn't warmed in quite a few years. That is proven scientifically.""   "
"Hillary Clinton ""doesn’t believe in your right to keep a gun at home for self-defense."" "
President Bill Clinton did not sign NAFTA.  
"Barack Obama ""founded ISIS. I would say the co-founder would be crooked Hillary Clinton."" "
"Hillary Clinton's plan ""would tax many small businesses by almost 50 percent."" "
"""In Catherine Cortez Masto's last term as attorney general, Nevada murder went up 11 percent, robbery went up 28 percent, rape 51 percent. When Cortez Masto left office, Nevada ranked as America's third most dangerous state."" "
"Gov. Rick Scott ""cut nearly $1 million from mosquito control and closed down the state’s mosquito research lab a few years ago."" "
"""The Obama-Clinton war on coal has cost Michigan over 50,000 jobs."" "
"Rep. Mike Coffman is ""the one who said"" he would support Trump. "
"in 2012 ""Obama won in every state that did not require a photo ID and lost in every state that did require a photo ID in order to vote."" "
"In the 2012 election, there were more votes cast than registered voters in St. Lucie County, and Palm Beach County had 141 percent turnout. "
"""We know this now. The banks no longer loan (Donald Trump) money because he's a terrible risk. So he goes to these (Russian) oligarchs and borrows money."" "
"Donald Trump ""all Mexicans are rapists."" "
"Through the Clinton Foundation, ""the Clintons are now worth in excess of $100 million."" "
"In Buffalo's SolarCity project, ""Andrew Cuomo will create maybe 500 jobs if it ever happens at all, at about $1.5 million per job."" "
"he saw videotape ""of the people taking the money off the plane"" to pay ransom to Iran for hostages. "
"""Hillary Clinton she wants to, ‘raise taxes on the middle class.’ "" "
"California’s marijuana legalization initiative, Prop. 64 ""allows marijuana smoking ads in prime time, on programs with millions of children and teenage viewers."" "
"""I’m beating (Kelly Ayotte) in the polls by a lot."" "
"In Arizona, ""there are only one and a half (Border Patrol) agents per every 10 square miles.""  "
"""Youth unemployment is through the roof."" "
"""Then, the Republican leader theatrically introduced new bills with stopgap budget language, declaring that we could stay until midnight and pass this compromise. Except under our constitution, a bill has to be read on 3 different days, so that's not possible."" "
"""Marco Rubio didn’t show up"" for a vote on his own bill on sanctions against Hezbollah. "
"Milwaukee County district attorney candidate Verona Swanigan ""has worked as a prosecutor."" "
"""We have a fire marshal that said, 'Oh we can't allow more people’ ...  And the reason they won't let them in is because they don't know what the hell they're doing.""   "
"""It was under Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton that changed the rules of engagement that probably cost (Capt. Humayun Khan’s) life."" "
"Barack Obama ""said black males are two times more likely to be shot by a law enforcement officer than white males"" and ""that is a lie"" because ""there is no data."" "
"Donald Trump ""is going to go out and carpet bomb"" the Middle East. "
"Sen. Pat Toomey ""even tried to shut down the federal government in order to eliminate funding for Planned Parenthood."" "
"""A few weeks ago, (the) education committee in Congress is deciding what’s going to be in your local salad bar."" "
"""Nobody covered"" the remarks of Patricia Smith, the mother of a Benghazi victim, ""live, but almost everybody covered Khizr Khan's, Mr. Khan's remarks live."" "
"""As usual, Hillary & the Dems are trying to rig the debates so 2 are up against major NFL games."" "
"Says, regarding the presence of classified information in her email, FBI Director James ""Comey said my answers were truthful, and what I've said is consistent with what I have told the American people."" "
"In Liberia, ""a girl is more likely to be married by 18 than to know how to read."" "
"Hillary Clinton wrote, ""I believe the primary role of the state is to teach, train and raise children. Parents have a secondary role."" "
"Donald Trump ""doesn't make a thing in America."" "
"""The DNC hack showed you that the Clinton campaign was working to schedule (primary) debates against (Bernie) Sanders,"" and the Clinton campaign is continuing this ""ploy"" against Donald Trump. "
"""Bike lanes and sidewalks have been proven to reduce crashes by up to 38 percent on Austin’s streets."" "
"""Only five Texas counties account for almost 90 percent of the (state’s) cattle industry."" "
"Hillary Clinton's Iran nuclear deal ""lined the pockets of the world's number one state sponsor of terrorism with your money."" "
"""Just on the issue of immigration alone, it is next to impossible to find a policy difference between (Donald) Trump and Congressman (Joe) Heck."" "
"""I’m not one for name calling."" "
"""In 2009, his first year as mayor,"" Julián Castro ""received a seven-figure referral fee"" that smells like a dirty financial gift ""from notorious personal injury lawyer Mikal Watts, a major Obama donor."" "
"""When LBJ started #WarOnPoverty, 14% of Americans lived in poverty. 50 yrs later, 14% still do. There's a #BetterWay."" "
"""Donald Trump and Mike Pence want to gamble with your retirement benefits in the stock market."" "
"Gov. Mike Pence and Rep. Mike Coffman ""take the same positions on a number of things ... Coffman and Pence oppose equal rights for LGBT Americans.""   "
"when an interviewer asked Donald Trump if he treats women with respect, Trump replied, ""I can't say that."" "
"Hillary Clinton and Ralph Northam ""label police as racists."" "
"""Donald Trump is a guy who has called for privatization"" of the Veterans Administration. "
"""An analysis showed that Bernie Sanders would have won the Democratic nomination if it were not for the Super Delegates."" "
"Unemployment numbers ""are artificial numbers. These are numbers that are massaged to make the existing economy look good, to make this administration look good when, in fact, it's a total disaster."" "
"unlike Tim Kaine, who ""invested"" in education, Indiana Gov. Mike Pence ""slashed education funding."" "
"On gift taking, ""Bob McDonnell took a fraction of what (Tim) Kaine took."" "
"""I am the only candidate who ran in either primary who said, ‘I will not raise taxes on the middle class.’"" "
"Ted Cruz ""never denied"" his father was photographed with Lee Harvey Oswald.     "
"""America is one of the highest-taxed nations in the world.""   "
"Hillary Clinton ""wants to essentially abolish the Second Amendment."" "
"""In 2009, pre-Hillary, ISIS was not even on the map."" "
"Rep. Tammy ""Duckworth has been a staunch supporter of expanding the spending, size and reach of the IRS."" "
"""It was Hillary Clinton who left Americans in harm's way in Benghazi and after four Americans fell said, 'What difference at this point does it make?' "" "
"""A million Democrats deserted (Howard Dean’s) party and joined my party because of Donald Trump in Ohio this year."" "
"Donald Trump ""always pays his bills promptly."" "
"""Our economy is not growing."" "
"""Hillary Clinton invented ISIS with her stupid policies. She is responsible for ISIS."" "
"""Neighborhoods have become more violent"" under President Barack Obama's ""watch."" "
"""[Hillary Clinton]'s not trusted -- virtually at all."" "
"In 2010, Clinton ""said Iran could enrich uranium. In 2014 she said she’s always argued against it."" "
"Hillary Clinton is proposing ""destroying Medicare for seniors."" "
"As a senator, Hillary Clinton ""paid women less than the men"" in her office. "
"""The Clinton camp was the first to get it out there and try to say there was something untoward about the speech that Melania Trump gave."" "
"""Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton have left us with $19 trillion in debt."" "
"Donald Trump is ""against minimum wage."" "
"President Barack Obama is ""absolutely"" a Muslim. "
"""There are about 350,000 people who succeed in crossing our borders illegally each year."" "
"as GOP was picking a convention city, ""I recommended Ohio."" "
"""We defied the stand-down orders"" during the Benghazi attack. "
"""Hillary Clinton is for open borders."" "
"Hillary Clinton ""has been a champion of globalist trade agreements. ... Worst of all, they are now pushing the disastrous 5,000-page Obamatrade — the Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement.""   "
"""The Cleveland police has issued a stand down order to officers."" "
"no one from the Bush family attended the 2012 Republican National Convention and ""there was no President Bush"" at the 2008 convention. "
"""What the facts say"" is ... ""the best scenario for kids is a loving mom and dad."" "
"""Just look at what the FBI director said about her (Hillary Clinton) — her misconduct  is a disgrace and embarrassment to our country."" "
"Mark Kirk ""called for the mass arrest of 18,000 African Americans"" and ""was apparently fine with Trump’s #StillTooRacist call for mass deportation."" "
"""We flood communities with so many guns that it is easier for a teenager to buy a Glock than get his hands on a computer or even a book."" "
"Says Hillary Clinton ""took 13 hours to send help to Americans under fire"" during the terrorist attack in Benghazi. "
"Sen. John McCain spent the July 4 weekend in Islamabad, Pakistan, selling ""F-16s and advanced weapons to the folks who harbored Osama bin Laden."" "
"""90% of rural women and 55% of all women are illiterate"" in Morocco.   "
"""220,000 New Yorkers would have immediately benefitted had President Obama’s executive action been affirmed. So almost a quarter million of our fellow New Yorkers who are hurting right now whose rights and opportunities were taken away by the Supreme Court."" "
"Ron Johnson ""supported a plan to cut benefits and raise the retirement age"" for Social Security.  "
"""(Big banks) have invested over $300,000 in (Joe Heck), and Heck has sponsored $44 million dollars in tax breaks for banks."" "
"""Condemning violence against the police and urging support for the police"" is ""markedly absent"" from President Barack Obama’s public remarks. "
"""The folks in Washington"" are ""already forcing you to buy government health care."" "
"California’s Proposition 63 would ""CRIMINALIZE the sharing of ammunition between friends who may be hunting or shooting together."" "
"he ""voted to remove Common Core from our schools."" "
"""We’re losing as many people to heroin and opioid overdoses as we lost to the AIDS epidemic at its peak."" "
"Donald Trump made a lot of money from outsourcing jobs thanks to NAFTA ""but never, ever raised his voice against it when Congress was considering it.""   "
"Attorney General Loretta Lynch ""was a member of Bill Clinton's defense team during the 1992 Whitewater corruption probe."" "
"""Rather than work to secure the border, (Marco Rubio) supported Obama’s amnesty plan for illegal immigrants.""   "
"""You know what (Saddam Hussein) did well? He killed terrorists."" "
"""Many Nevadans relied on Uber for work, but after accepting $70,000 from taxi companies, Catherine Cortez Masto went after Uber ... (driving) them out of town."" "
"she ""never received nor sent any material that was marked classified"" on her private email server while secretary of state. "
"Hillary Clinton ""savaged"" the dignity of people who accused Bill Clinton of sexual harassment or assault ""and shamed them."" "
"Ron Johnson justifies his support of trade agreements by saying the U.S. has the Trade Adjustment Assistance program for displaced workers, but then he ""voted to eliminate it."" "
"""The steel industry is producing as much steel in the United States as it ever was. It’s just (that) it needs one-tenth of the workers that it used to."" "
"""while serving in the city council, Rachel Zenzinger voted to use tax dollars to take a taxpayer-funded junket to China.""   "
"""During my administration, for example, we boosted U.S. exports to Canada and Mexico by about 50 percent. That supports about 2.8 million American jobs."" "
"President Barack Obama attended  ""an Islamic madrassa."" "
"""Google search spike suggests many people don’t know why they voted for Brexit.""     "
"""As Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton laundered money to Bill Clinton through Laureate Education, while Bill Clinton was an honorary chairman of the group.""   "
"""During the (Benghazi) attack, a stand-down order was given, and our troops were told to change their clothes four times."" "
"Hillary Clinton ""presided over $6 billion lost at the State Department, sold uranium to the Russians through (her) faux charity, illegally deleted public records, and murdered an ambassador."" "
"Hillary Clinton’s State Department ""approved the transfer of 20 percent of America’s uranium holdings to Russia, while nine investors in the deal funneled $145 million to the Clinton Foundation."" "
"David Jolly ""has used money and power to try to … drill off our beaches."" "
"""Doctors kill about 250,000 people a year in botched surgeries.""   "
"""Hillary Clinton surged the trade deficit with China 40% as Secretary of State, costing Americans millions of jobs."" "
"""Thanks to (North Carolina’s) governor and the legislature, the average teacher salary can barely support a family."" "
"Hillary Clinton ""filibustered legislation to reform"" Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. "
"The United States ""is the only major country that taxes its own exports.""   "
"""Paul Ryan shut off the C-SPAN cameras when the Democrats started their sit-in."" "
"Gov. Terry McAuliffe ""has made several statements that he would love to be in a Cabinet secretary position with the Clinton administration."" "
"""Go look at a Trump product. They’re all made in China."" "
"Barack Obama issued a decree ""demanding that every public school now allow grown men and boys into the little girls’ bathroom.""   "
"""You can’t get on an airplane, but more than 2,000 people on that list have been able to buy a gun."" "
"""We don't know anything about Hillary in terms of religion. Now, she's been in the public eye for years and years, and yet there's no — there's nothing out there."" "
"[My administration is] ""well represented both racially, ethnically and gender-wise."" "
"Hillary Clinton’s immigration platform would ""create totally open borders.""   "
"Hillary Clinton ""has even deleted this record of total support (for the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement) from her book."" "
"""Attempts to find things like, ‘crime,’ ‘criminal activity,’ ‘indictment,’ have been filtered out by Google"" in favor of Hillary Clinton. "
"Austin was the ""site of the first mass shooting in the country."" "
"The Benghazi victims were ""left helpless to die as Hillary Clinton soundly slept in her bed."" "
"The ammunition used in the Orlando shooting ""is banned by Geneva Convention. It enters the body, spins & explodes."" "
"Hillary Clinton’s ""State Department blocked investigation into Orlando killer’s mosque.""   "
"""For the amount of money Hillary Clinton would like to spend on refugees, we could rebuild every inner city in America."" "
"""Because of Obamacare, you have so many part-time jobs."" "
"""I was among the earliest to criticize the rush to war (in Iraq), and yes, even before the war ever started.""   "
"the Clinton Foundation ""accepted millions and millions of dollars from governments like Algeria, Saudi Arabia, Oman and the United Arab Emirates,"" which violated ""a ban on all contributions to the Foundation from foreign nations.""   "
"""Assault rifles already are banned."" "
the unemployment rate for African-American youths is 59 percent.   
"delegates can't ""legally"" change the Republican National Convention rules to prevent Donald Trump’s nomination. "
"Even among ""second and third generation"" Muslims in the United States, ""there's no real assimilation."" "
"""ISIS is running through a border made porous by Barack Obama’s policies."" "
"American colleges amount to a ""cartel.""   "
"""The Obama administration was actively supporting Al Qaeda in Iraq, the terrorist group that became the Islamic State."" "
"Apple products are currently ""90 percent conflict-free,"" and ""Intel is 100 percent conflict-free."" "
"""He leant his name to a bill, did little or nothing three years ago to try to get it passed, (and) since then has done absolutely nothing other than disavow any attempt to move on the legislation."" "
"The rifle used by Omar Mateen ""shoots off 700 rounds in a minute.""   "
"""On average, each U.S. military working dog saves the lives of between 150 and 200 servicemen and women over the span of his career."" "
"""Never mind that no red light camera, no speed camera, nor any radar gun has ever stopped one accident from occurring."" "
"Nevada lawmakers voted to allow teenaged boys to ""shower with your teenaged girls in public school locker rooms."" "
"There is ""no system to vet"" refugees from the Middle East.   "
"""As governor, Kasich delivered the largest tax cut in the nation."" "
"Bernie Sanders ""wins California landslide, But ⅔ of his votes aren’t counted."" "
"""Tuition-free public universities and colleges are just a pipe dream. False. They were both free up until the Vietnam War.""   "
"In Ohio, ""each year an estimated 1,000 children become victims of human trafficking, and over 3,000 more are at risk."" "
"""Austin ISD has the highest graduation rate of every major city in Texas."" "
"the United States has ""treaties with apparently 69 countries where we are obligated to defend their borders. And these were treaties that were executive treaties, not authorized by Congress.""   "
"""Crime is rising."" "
"Judge Gonzalo Curiel ""is a member of a club or society, very strongly pro-Mexican.""   "
"Merrick Garland ""authored an opinion that resulted in the release of 17 Guantanamo Bay prisoners who were part of a group of violent Islamist extremists the State Department had designated as terrorists."" "
"Virginia’s banning of felons from voting is a ""Jim Crow-era law."" "
"""The president has said the national security threat facing America, the top one, is global warming."" "
"""More businesses went out of business last year than were started for the first time in our history."" "
"Because George Holding doesn’t live in the congressional district he’s running for, he ""doesn’t experience the same things that we are all experiencing."" "
"""Congressman Joe Heck has (voted) 62% of the time with Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats on a variety of important issues."" "
The presence of gorillas calls into question the concept of evolution. 
she was the first in her family to go to a four-year college. 
"The Dog Meat Festival in Yulin, China, ""threatens global public health."" "
"""Obama wants to give (Iran) nuclear weapons and Michael Bennet, he was all for it.""   "
"Hillary Clinton has spoken ""such lies about my foreign policy. They said I want Japan to … get nuclear weapons. Give me a break."" "
"We’ve broken ""by millions"" the all-time record for votes in a GOP presidential primary election. "
"""I wanted to keep it private, because I don't think it's anybody's business if I want to send money to the vets."" "
"""It was allowed,"" referring to her email practices. "
"It's entirely possible that the Democratic nominee, [Hillary Clinton], earned more money giving a single speech on Wall Street than I made the six years that I was there back in the 1980s… In fact, it’s quite likely. "
"In California, ""the windmills are killing hundreds and hundreds of eagles.""   "
the Human Rights Campaign is secretly funded 
"""Texas is one of only a handful of states that does not have an equal pay law."" "
"Donald Trump ""has the second-highest disapproval ratings of anyone running for president."" "
"""No one in American history has moved from a June 16 announcement to a May 26 winning of a majority. Trump's achievement is remarkable."" "
"California’s Capitol building is ""second only to Disneyland,"" among visitor sites in the state. "
"It ""is Hillary Clinton's agenda"" to ""release the violent criminals from jail. She wants them all released."" "
"""There are places in America that are among the most dangerous in the world. You go to places like Oakland. Or Ferguson. The crime numbers are worse. Seriously."" "
"""Look, we are at war with these people and they don't wear uniforms. … This is a war against people that are vicious, violent people, that we have no idea who they are, where they come from. We are allowing tens of thousands of them into our country now."" "
"""I can tell you that the enhanced interrogation techniques that have since been banned by this administration — specifically waterboarding — work."" "
"""The only two (Donald Trump tax returns) we have show that he hasn't paid a penny in taxes."" "
"""Let me say that I don't think (Bernie Sanders has) had a single negative ad ever run against him.""  "
"A three-cents-per-ounce soda tax in Philadelphia ""would result in the loss of 2,000 family-sustaining Teamster Union jobs and countless other jobs in the beverage industry.""   "
"""The first tweet was sent from Austin."" "
"a WHO proposal ""portrays milk and dairy products as an obstacle to a healthy start in life."" "
"""I have had to fill out FEC reports for the past six years now, and they’re much more detailed than a tax return..."" "
"""Jacky Rosen has refused to tell us whether she supports Bernie Sanders or Hillary Clinton."" "
"""Elizabeth Warren lied when she I want to abolish the Federal Minimum Wage."" "
"Nevada Democratic Party leaders ""hijacked the process on the floor"" of the state convention ""ignoring the regular procedure and ramming through what they wanted to do."" "
"Donald Trump said of women, ""And you can tell them to go f--- themselves."" "
"""Mike Coffman is with Trump.""   "
"Patrick Murphy ""switched his vote on All Aboard Florida ... because his father tried to get in a bid to build it and was unsuccessful.""   "
"Demond Means, ""turnaround district"" superintendent for Milwaukee Public Schools, said the district ""needs to be gutted."" "
"""Now in half the homes in California, people speak a language other than English in their own homes."" "
"""We've already lost $500 million in economic impact"" from HB2 fallout in North Carolina. "
"Ted Strickland admits his record on jobs and taxes is ""mixed and spotty."" "
"Arizona, Missouri and Texas residents have a two-pet limit, so the public must ""surrender their third pet to the Humane Society."" "
"The University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee has ""2.8 students per faculty"" member, ""tied for second-lowest in its history since 1994."" "
"Says Hillary Clinton ""wants to abolish the Second Amendment."" "
"Germany ""is crime-riddled right now"" because of migration to Europe. "
"President Obama’s deal ""allows Iran to produce a nuclear weapon."" "
"former state Sen. Kelli Ward ""wanted to ban our intelligence agencies from operating in Arizona."" "
"""Russ Feingold got a memo in 2009 that outlined veteran harm"" at a Wisconsin VA facility ""and nothing was done."" "
"""There is a 34 percent increase in violent crime in the state of California. … And that’s just within the last year."" "
"On Obama, ""The press warns the 'Taxman Cometh.'"""
"Under a new federal regulation, it will cost Pinellas County ""$31 million to fix a single ditch."" "
"""In the United States alone we lose more than 3,000 people a day to cancer."" "
"""Jason Kander supports [Obama’s] plan to bring the remaining suspected terrorists to U.S. soil."" "
"""The Obama administration has even joined Islamist governments in sponsoring a U.N. resolution that would shred our First Amendment by threatening to make discussion of radical Islamism potentially illegal.""   "
"""You have to be a citizen to vote,"" but with same-day voter registration, ""you have places where people just walk in and vote."" "
"""We're the highest taxed nation in the world."" "
"""We have been focusing so much, especially the Texas Department of Transportation, on that 97 percent of people in single-occupancy vehicles."" "
"""Increasing the min. wage to $15 an hour would reduce spending on food stamps, public housing and other programs by over $7.6 billion a year."" "
"Bruce Springsteen ""only had 8,000 tickets sold"" for a Greensboro show and canceled after ""they didn’t get the ticket sales they wanted."" "
"""Seven hundred thousand. That’s how many California jobs will be lost thanks to the politicians raising the minimum wage….Now Florida is adding one million jobs, not losing them."" "
"Ted Cruz’s father ""was with Lee Harvey Oswald"" before the assassination of President John F. Kennedy. "
"""In the history of Republican primaries, I’ve gotten the most votes in the history of the Republican party."" "
"""Frankly, (Hillary Clinton) doesn’t do very well with women."" "
"both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton say Planned Parenthood is ""terrific and that it should keep taxpayer funding.""  "
"If Austin voters reject Proposition 1, a ""completely new City-run"" criminal background check ""process will cost millions in processing fees, additional staff, and bureaucracy"" with taxpayers getting ""the bill."" "
"The decision for the United States to buy heavy water from Iran ""will directly subsidize Iran’s nuclear program."" "
"""Today President Obama said there will NOT be a National Day of Prayer in May."" "
"""ISIS is making millions of dollars a week selling Libyan oil."" "
"""I was totally against the war in Iraq, saying for many years that it would destabilize the Middle East."" "
"President Barack Obama never said, ""No boots on the ground"" in Syria. "
"""A simple review of the Backroom’s health code records will reveal that the restaurant already has a long-standing problem with rodent infestations."" "
"""Today in America, between 40 and 50 percent of all African-American babies, virtually 1-in-2, are killed before they are born."" "
"Target installed urinals in a women’s bathroom to ""accommodate the ones who have giblets."" "
"Marijuana is a Schedule I drug, ""which you understand means that you can’t do any research about it."" "
"Donald Trump thinks ""a grown man pretending to be a woman (should) be allowed to use the women's restroom."" "
"""She is the only candidate who has stood by our community and immigration reform from the beginning.""   "
"""Dolphins are rapists. Look it up."" "
"it’s ""absurd"" to say there’s enough data to establish a link between playing football and Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy. "
"The Human Rights Campaign is ""more powerful than the NRA."" "
"""Steve Santarsiero wrote PA’s Gun Safety Law."" "
"professional football coach Rex Ryan ""won championships in New York. The AFC, I think, twice."" "
"that in her speech to the pro-Israel group AIPAC, Hillary Clinton ""had one line on the Palestinian people."" "
"""As a U.S. senator with salary and perks, ‪#‎Bernie‬ is in the top 1 percent, but still paid only 13 percent in taxes last year."" "
"""Washington politicians are paid over $200,000 an hour for speeches."" "
"The Colorado caucus system for selecting Republican delegates is ""rigged."" "
"""The chairman of the party of Florida, who is an avid and outward supporter of Marco Rubio, gets to appoint 30 of those delegates.""   "
"""We win when voter turnout is high, we lose when it is low."" "
"Richmond teachers have not gotten a raise ""for almost 10 years."" "
"Jeb Bush and Marco Rubio ""had it set so that the winner takes everything, because they wanted to make sure that I didn't get anything"" in the Florida primary.   "
"""We’re the worst state in the country at moving people from welfare to work."" "
"""But for immigrants, we would have a contracting population..."" "
"""The city of Charlotte passed a bathroom ordinance mandate on every private-sector employer in Charlotte."" "
"Statistics show ""you are about nine times more likely to be assaulted by a taxi driver"" in Austin than a driver for a ride-hailing service. "
"The Republicans ""still want to privatize (Social Security). In fact, their whole idea is to turn over the Social Security trust fund to Wall Street."" "
"Bernie Sanders ""has been largely a very reliable supporter of the NRA."" "
"""Every bit of plastic that has ever been created still exists."" "
"""My numbers are better right now than Ronald Reagan's numbers were with Jimmy Carter."" "
"""Senate Bill 1070, simply, just mirrors federal law."" "
"""Our larger domestic threat is from racial supremacist groups.""   "
"""The Katy Freeway, or Interstate 10 west of Houston, is the widest freeway in the world, with up to 26 lanes, including frontage road lanes."" "
"""Hedge fund managers and others in private equity pay much lower (tax) rates on their income than do truck drivers and teachers and nurses."" "
"""The polling shows over and over again that, unlike Donald Trump, that with me as the nominee, we beat Hillary Clinton."" "
"Florida’s regulations on the payday lending industry are ""stronger than almost any other state.""   "
"""Poll after poll after poll shows me beating Hillary."" "
there were over 600 reports of Texas votes for Donald Trump in the state’s 2016 Republican primary virtually all getting tallied for Marco Rubio.   
"""For the votes that we got, I think we spent, on average, two bucks a pop. Compared to 42 bucks"" for incumbent Milwaukee County Executive Chris Abele. "
"""Rhode Island: 3% bigger at low tide.""   "
"Charlotte’s anti-discrimination ordinance would have ""opened all bathrooms to all sexes at all times"" if it hadn’t been overturned. "
"""It’s clear"" that Hillary Clinton ""violated national security laws.""   "
"""Because of (the 1994 crime bill), we had a 25-year low in crime, a 33-year low in the murder rate, and listen to this, because of that and the background check law, a 46-year low in the deaths of people of gun violence."" "
"Race to the Top grants ""require participating states to adopt the Common Core standards as a condition for receiving federal funding."" "
"Hillary Clinton ""has been saying lately that she thinks that I am, 'not qualified to be president.' "" "
"Say Bernie Sanders ""won Nevada after all."" "
"""Last year (the U.S. women’s soccer team) generated $20 million more than the men’s team and were paid almost four times less."" "
"""Many just call him 'Lyin' Ted.' ... His TV ad about John Kasich? Lie! Stations had to pull it off the air."" "
"When mentioning Villanova’s buzzer-beating win in the national championships, Hillary Clinton said: ""I love those come-from-behind victories."" "
his campaign has released his past tax returns. 
"""Millionaires working side by side with George Soros are bankrolling (John Kasich’s) super PAC.""   "
"""Evidence shows Zika virus turns fetus brains to liquid.""   "
"Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garland ""voted to uphold"" D.C.’s ban on handguns. "
"his free public university tuition program ""is paid for … by a tax on Wall Street's speculation."" "
"""I'm the only candidate in the Democratic primary, or actually on either side, who Wall Street financiers and hedge fund managers are actually running ads against."" "
"The 2016 federal omnibus spending bill ""funds illegal immigrants coming in and through your border, right through Phoenix."" "
"North Carolina spent ""almost as much as it spends on government rape crisis programs in a year"" to convene a special session for HB2. "
"""It was (Rob Portman’s) job to stop China’s illegal dumping of steel. He failed, looked the other way, did nothing.""   "
"Chris Abele ""has had five years and he’s done nothing"" about the Estabrook Dam. "
"Donald Trump ""wants us to pull out of NATO."" "
Says Ted Cruz distributed the ad showing a nude Melania Trump on a rug.   
"Emory University students were provided counseling after someone wrote ""Trump 2016"" in chalk on campus. "
"""Florida is investing record amounts of funding for HIV/AIDS prevention."" "
"""The EPA has tried to define a puddle or a drainage ditch on your farm to be navigable waters and thus subject to massive environmental regulations.""   "
"""We have not taken away any rights that have currently existed in any city in North Carolina"" with the passage of HB2. "
"that when Michelle Fields ""found out that there was a security camera, and that they had her on tape, all of a sudden that story changed."" "
"""There’s a tremendous tax that we pay when we (American businesses) go into China, whereas when China sells to us there’s no tax."" "
"Wisconsin’s ""effective"" unemployment rate is 20 percent. "
"Nevada lawmakers ""permanently cut taxes for over 95 percent of Nevada’s businesses."" "
"An image in a Chris Abele TV ad depicts ""wealthy citizens"" who would benefit from a ""lake"" created by the controversial Estabrook Dam. "
"Under Hillary Clinton, State Department ""officials were sending official thank-yous to people who gave to the Clinton Foundation."" "
"Congressman Jeff Denham ""has agreed all illegal immigrants should be detained, arrested and deported."" "
"""This unit is the only one in the state that strives to implement the principles of Mother-Friendly care as outlined by the national Coalition for Improving Maternity Services Mother-Friendly Childbirth Initiative.""   "
"""We have less Americans working now than in the ’70s."" "
"Barack Obama was happily photographed holding a T-shirt with revolutionary Ernesto ""Che"" Guevara’s face on it.   "
"her representation of an ex-boyfriend ""who was then my friend"" in a family law case is ""something that lawyers do on a regular basis."" "
"""Out of 67 counties (in Florida), I won 66, which is unprecedented. It's never happened before."" "
"""When those restrictions expire (in the Iran nuclear deal), Iran will have an industrial-size military nuclear capability ready to go."" "
"""Ukraine voluntarily gave up its nuclear weapons because the United States of America"" said it would ""ensure (its) territorial integrity from Russia.""   "
"Judge JoAnne Kloppenburg agreed to use a technicality to give a convicted sex offender a new hearing because ""he didn’t understand the charge."" "
"Nevada Republicans ""didn’t do one single thing to cut spending"" in 2015. "
there are no political prisoners in Cuba. 
"Says Senate Republicans are ""following a longstanding tradition of not filling vacancies on the Supreme Court in the middle of a presidential election year.""   "
Ted Cruz is in negotiations to be Donald Trump’s running mate. 
"""We have ten different tax brackets and if you’re making $9,000, you’re already in the top tax bracket."" "
"Donald Trump promised ""to take care of everybody (through government-run healthcare and) the government's going to pay for it."" "
"""Our campaign depends on small donations for the majority of our support."" "
"The Trump Winery near Charlottesville, Va. is the ""largest winery on the East Coast."" "
"In the primary election, a ""right-wing group spent more than $100,000,000 to support"" Supreme Court Justice Rebecca Bradley. "
"""Every (U.S. Supreme Court) nominee since 1875 has received a nomination hearing."" "
"Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garland ""voted, so the folks know, in Washington, D.C., to keep guns away from private citizens."" "
"""The right-wing extremists are trying to take this seat so they can push their anti-choice and anti-equality agenda through our State House."" "
"The Mitchell Park Domes ""lose about $1 million-plus every year"" and ""the number of people going to the Domes has been going down.""       "
"Under the Iran nuclear deal, ""we give them $150 billion, we get nothing."" "
"""You know what Truman said, ‘You want a friend in Washington, buy a dog.’ "" "
"""The fact is voter fraud is rampant."" "
"""The [Obama] administration’s regulatory assault on coal-fired energy has put thousands of Americans out of work"" "
"President Barack Obama has ""been presiding over our jobs going overseas for seven years."" "
"Donald Trump and Marco Rubio opposed Cruz’s ""efforts to defund Planned Parenthood."" "
"Hillary Clinton told the Des Moines Register on Aug. 8, 2015: ""I will get the NRA shut down for good if I become president. If we can ban handguns, we will do it."" "
"the man who rushed the stage at him in Dayton, Ohio, ""had chatter about ISIS, or with ISIS"" in his social media posts. "
"""GDP was zero essentially for the last two quarters."" "
"Common Core is ""education through Washington D.C."" "
"""As a legislator, (Marco Rubio) flipped on a key vote after making a quick $200,000 from selling the house to the mother of the bill's lobbyist."" "
"""Now we have ISIS coming over the (U.S.-Mexico) border."" "
"""The Clean Power Plan is something that Sen. Sanders has said he would delay implementing."" "
"Regarding her State Department email practices, ""my predecessors did the same thing."" "
"""Trump refuses to denounce the KKK."" "
Donald Trump said the government is going to pay for everybody to have health care. 
"Donald Trump has ""described Hillary Clinton as one of the best secretaries of state in history."" "
"Donald Trump ""bans disabled veterans from his high rise.""   "
"Says Michael Bennet wants to close Guantanamo Bay prison and bring terrorists ""right here to Colorado.""   "
"""When you're white ... you don't know what it's like to be poor."" "
"""NAFTA, supported by the Secretary (Clinton), cost us 800,000 jobs nationwide."" "
"""Statistics show 2 to 3 Texas women per week have major complications and 10 women per week seek help at an ER after an abortion.""   "
"""There is a precedent"" for not nominating someone to the U.S. Supreme Court ""in the middle of a presidential election."" "
"U.S. global AIDS spending helped reduce ""political instability and violence"" by ""40 percent"" in recipient nations.   "
"The wives of the 9/11 hijackers ""knew exactly what was happening"" and went back to Saudi Arabia two days before the attacks to watch their husbands on television flying the planes. "
"""Spending on welfare, on prisons, and education, all of those have dropped by hundreds of millions of dollars"" because of Arizona’s immigration laws that drove out undocumented immigrants. "
"Mahatma Gandhi once said, ""First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win."" "
"""Every Republican Senate candidate has now announced whether or not they support the Senate taking up the Supreme Court vacancy…except for Congressman Heck."" "
"""I don't know anything about David Duke."" "
"""Harry Reid, when asked about the Republican field, said the Republican he likes the best is Donald Trump, and he said, because I can work with him. He'll cut deals."" "
"Milwaukee County Executive Chris Abele is a ""billionaire."" "
"""the New York Times can write a story that they know is false"" yet ""they can't basically be sued."" "
"The Every Student Succeeds Act ""did away basically with Common Core."" "
"""We work longer hours than any people in the industrialized world, including the Japanese."" "
"""We (Trump University) have an ‘A’ from the Better Business Bureau.""   "
"Travis County Commissioner Gerald Daugherty ""claims to have taken a pay cut, but for 2016, he voted to raise his salary by 19.6 percent."" "
"""When Republican extremists tried to take away abortion rights … Blake Rocap stopped them."" "
"""It's been since 1888 that a Senate of a different party than the president in the White House confirmed a Supreme Court nominee.""   "
"""You are three times more likely to be able to get a mortgage if you're a white applicant than if you're black or Hispanic, even if you have the same credentials."" "
"When Mitt Romney chose Paul Ryan as his vice-presidential running mate, ""that was the end"" of Romney’s chances to win.   "
"""Barack Obama is apparently not for vetting people and saying just anybody can come"" to the United States. "
"""A couple of debates ago, (Donald Trump) said if you don’t support socialized health care, you’re heartless.""   "
"""When they passed Obamacare, they put a bailout fund in Obamacare. … We led the effort and wiped out that bailout fund."" "
"Ted Cruz ""said I was in favor in Libya. I never discussed that subject."" "
"""If it weren’t for me … (illegal immigration) wouldn’t even be a big subject.""   "
"Milwaukee County Executive Chris Abele spent ""$100,000 of taxpayer money on a new luxury SUV."" "
"that in the Philippines more than a century ago, Gen. John Pershing ""took 50 bullets, and he dipped them in pigs’ blood,"" and shot 49 Muslim rebels. ""The 50th person, he said, ‘You go back to your people, and you tell them what happened.’ And for 25 years, there wasn’t a problem."" "
"he cured Charlie Sheen and the island of Comoros of HIV with ""milk from goats, which had arthritis."" "
"""So far in 2015, there have been more mass shootings than days.""  "
"""The people that perpetrated that travesty in San Bernardino had never been to the Middle East."" "
"""Drug overdoses are now the second-most common cause of death in New Hampshire."" "
"""Mr. Trump is self-financing his campaign, so we don’t have any donors."" "
"With Obamacare, ""You have no options .. you can't get competitive bidding."" "
"Blocking a U.S. Supreme Court nomination during the remaining months of President Obama’s term ""would leave the nation’s highest court with an unprecedented year-long vacancy."" "
"In 2005 and 2007, "" Joe Straus received a 100 percent rating by NARAL (the National Abortion and Reproductive Rights Action League)."" "
"Nevada is ""still a state that is 80 percent white voters."" "
"Travis County residents ""trusted me to take on Tom DeLay — and we won."" "
"""the one person (Donald Trump) has suggested that would make a good justice is his sister, who is a court of appeals judge appointed by Bill Clinton. She is a hardcore pro-abortion liberal judge."" "
"""The most likely triggering cause of (microcephaly)"" is the ""DTaP shot, a vaccine that had been recently mandated by the Brazilian government to be injected into pregnant women."" "
"Since January 2015, the ""majority of our"" Austin City Council ""meetings have extended past 10 p.m."" and ""many of our meetings have gone past midnight."" "
"""Under Virginia law, if you are a non-federally licensed (gun) dealer, you cannot get a background check even if you want one."" "
"""There comes a point in the last year of the president, especially in their second term, where you stop nominating"" both Supreme Court justices and Court of Appeals judges. "
"Jeb Bush ""said he would take his pants off and moon everybody ... Nobody reports that.""   "
"""It has been over 80 years since a lame-duck president appointed a Supreme Court justice."" "
"""Joseph Stalin said if you want to bring America down you, have to undermine three things: our spiritual life, our patriotism and our morality."" "
"""In New England, Rhode Island has the second highest number of police officers being assaulted."" "
"On the Iraq war, ""I said it loud and clear, 'You'll destabilize the Middle East.' "" "
"Quotes Mark Cuban as saying, ""I worry that millions of millennials are voting Democrat this year because they fact-check everything."" "
"""Kasich’s budget raised taxes by billions, hitting businesses hard and the middle class even harder."" "
"Scott Fisher ""tried to expand Obamacare in Texas and even voted for an official resolution to force 1 million Texans into Obamacare."" "
"If the General Assembly does not address the state's structural deficit, ""more than 23,000 education professionals will be immediately yanked out of Pennsylvania schools."" "
"""Don't believe those phony numbers when you hear 4.9 and 5 percent unemployment. The number's probably 28, 29, as high as 35. In fact, I even heard recently 42 percent."" "
"""Obama spent $7 billion to bring electricity to Africa, failed miserably."" "
"""While states used to have regulatory power over fishing, federal law now regulates down to the tenth of the inch the minimum size of fish that anglers can keep.""   "
"Hillary Clinton ""believes that all abortions should be legal, even on the due date of that unborn child."" "
"""Not one Republican has the guts to recognize that climate change is real."" "
"""We’re spending tremendous amounts of money to educate our kids. In the world, we're No. 1 per pupil by a factor of four."" "
"""Bioweapon! Zika virus is being spread by GMO mosquitos (sic)"" "
"Milwaukee County Executive Chris Abele ""once proposed a plan to end county funding to homeless shelters."" "
"""some Planned Parenthood chapters have been selling the body parts of aborted fetuses for profit."" "
"Pat Toomey visited Joe Sestak and other veterans in 2002 ""and then came home and voted against every veterans appropriations bill."" "
"Ohio’s credit rating is ""as high as you can get, AA+."" "
"""Tell me what Madeleine Albright’s position was on the War on Iraq. I wouldn’t be surprised if she supported it.""  "
"""Right now we’re the highest taxed country in the world."" "
"""The American people will not support doing anything about people that are in this country illegally until the law is enforced first.""   "
"Regarding the Iraq War, ""I was the one that said, ‘Don’t go, don’t do it, you’re going to destabilize the Middle East.’ "" "
"CNN reported Ben Carson was ""taking a break from campaigning"" and the Cruz campaign ""forwarded that news to our volunteers.""   "
"""With 320,000 net Ohio manufacturing jobs lost, (Sen. Rob) Portman calls NAFTA a ‘proven success’."" "
"""Gene Green is the NRA’s favorite Democrat in Congress. ... ""It’s no wonder the congressman has a lifetime A rating from the NRA.""   "
"Donald Trump's conversion to pro-life beliefs are akin to Justin Bieber's, who said in the past that abortion ""was no big deal to him."" "
"""Faced with $1 million in campaign debt,"" Scott Walker ""is unloading his campaign security costs onto the backs of Wisconsin taxpayers.""   "
"a Sanders campaign ad ""never said ... a newspaper endorsed us that did not."" "
he was endorsed by the Valley News newspaper. 
"""Nothing was done. I mean, $25 million was spent, but we don’t have that (gun ownership) database."" "
"""During eight years under Ronald Reagan, African-American median income rose by about $5,000."" "
"The 2013 immigration bill ""expanded President Obama’s ability to bring Syrian refugees to this country without mandating any meaningful background checks."" "
"Catherine Cortez Masto ""was happy to line her own pockets with taxpayer dollars when state employees were slammed with frozen salaries."" "
"The debt ""comes up all the time in town meetings ... but it's never asked in the debates. It's really weird. It hasn't been brought up."" "
"""This is the true picture of ‘Milwaukee's Renaissance’ after 12 years of Mayor Tom Barrett's leadership.""   "
"""You've been tremendously deceived"" by people who say the Earth is not flat. "
"""More businesses are closing than opening in Virginia today."" "
"""Between 1990 and 2013, the maternal mortality rate for women in the U.S. has increased by 136%."" "
"""A (state) trooper with 10 years on the force is getting $500 a year more than a trooper with 10 minutes on the force."" "
"""Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders have the identical position on health care, which is they want to put the government in charge of you and your doctor."" "
"""We have more illegal immigrants here"" than we did five years ago. "
"""We now have more jobs in solar than we do in oil."" "
"Obamacare ""is the biggest job-killer in this country -- millions of Americans have lost their jobs, have been forced into part-time work.""   "
"""I never once asked that (Megyn Kelly) be removed"" as a debate moderator. "
"""Last year, there were an additional 81,000 pages of government regulations. If you stack that up, it would be a three-story building."" "
"""A third of the budget for the city of Ferguson (Missouri) was being reaped by civil fines."" "
"Neighbors of the San Bernardino shooters ""knew that they were talking about trying to take our country and attack it.""   "
"""I have not insulted Donald personally."" "
"""Barack Obama, right now, No. 1, over seven years has dramatically degraded our military.""   "
"""I am the only candidate on either side who has laid out a specific plan about what I would do to defeat ISIS."" "
"""A lot of student loans are already refinanced by the federal government."" "
Mexico can afford to build a wall because the country's trade deficit with America is billions of dollars. 
"""Almost all of the polls that have come out suggest that I am a much stronger candidate against the Republicans than is Hillary Clinton."" "
"Martin Luther King Jr. ""was a Republican."" "
"""Blue Cross Blue Shield cancelled all their individual (health care) policies in the state of Texas, effective Dec. 31."" "
"Under Barack Obama, ""the fewest number of adults are working since Jimmy Carter’s presidency."" "
"""Donald Trump is appealing as much to Democrats as he is to Republicans."" "
"China has ""total control, just about, of North Korea."" "
"The United States has a ""record number of abortions year after year after year."" "
"the Democratic Party created a debate schedule ""to maximize the opportunity for voters to see our candidates.""     "
"""Every piece of legislation, just about, that I ever introduced (in the U.S. Senate) had a Republican co-sponsor.""  "
"his much-discussed boots are ""made in Wisconsin."" "
"More than 100,000 women in Texas ""have attempted to self-induce abortion in the past year alone."" "
"""Very little of (the defense) budget — less than 10 percent — actually goes into fighting ISIS and international terrorism."" "
"""I helped write"" the Affordable Care Act. "
"""We now have driven (health care) costs down to the lowest they've been in 50 years."" "
"Virginia Del. Mark Cole ""wants schools to check children’s genitals before using bathroom."" "
"Hostages were released as soon as Ronald Reagan took office because Iran perceived that America was ""no longer under the command of someone weak."" "
"""In Houston, Texas, today, there are no homeless veterans.""   "
"Wisconsin dropped ""from second in the country to 41st"" among states where more than half the students took the ACT exam. "
"""California Senator, Democratic Senator Dianne Feinstein said if she could say to Mr. America and Mrs. America, 'Give me your guns, I'm rounding 'em up,' she would."" "
"Sen. Ted Cruz used to be ""in favor of birthright citizenship"" but is now against it. "
"""I didn’t support Sonia Sotomayor.""     "
"Among Syrian refugees and migrants coming into Europe, ""there look like very few women. Very few children."" "
"Chris Christie ""instituted an Internet sales tax."" "
"Bernie Sanders’ health care plan would ""empower Republican governors to take away Medicaid, to take away health insurance for low-income and middle-income working Americans."" "
"Until the new Iran deal, China and Russia ""have never voted with us at the U.N. on any sanctions on Iran in the past."" "
"Medicaid expansion ""could cost the Commonwealth of Virginia over $1 billion a year..."" "
"""We are taking Virginia’s investment in public education to the highest level in the commonwealth’s history."" "
"""We get practically nothing compared to the cost of"" keeping U.S. military forces in South Korea. "
"The five Guantanamo detainees swapped for Bowe Bergdahl are ""back on the battlefield.""   "
"Under Scott Walker, Wisconsin ""moved from 16th to third in percentage of people with student loan debt."" "
"""When we held recent economic dialogues with China, we agreed on over 100 different things  —  including wildlife trafficking and volcano research. None of these 100-plus points of agreement addressed cybersecurity."" "
"Canadian-born Ted Cruz ""has had a double passport."" "
"""The 90 percent statistic of supporting background checks, that's been debunked."" "
"A Trump television ad shows Mexicans swarming over ""our southern border."" "
"""Everywhere that we have more citizens carrying guns, crime is less. There's a study showing that where states have open carry or concealed carry, but particularly open carry, the crime is down 25 percent."" "
"""Both Cruz and Rubio are missing the vast majority of their votes."" "
"""Bicycle ownership drops by half while obesity in Rhode Island rises by 154 percent""   "
"U.S. Rep. Ted Yoho said ""African Americans should only be given three-fifths of a vote."" "
"""Existing law right now requires 700 miles of double-layered border fencing"" on the Mexico border. "
"""We didn't go out and take"" information from the Hillary Clinton campaign. "
"""The Democrats in the Senate last year introduced a constitutional amendment to repeal the free speech protections of the First Amendment."" "
"The only budget Ted Cruz ""ever voted for in his time in the Senate is a budget that cut defense spending by more than Barack Obama proposes we cut it.""   "
"the Obama administration invited ""Russia into Syria."" "
"he faced ""a record budget deficit"" in Virginia in 2014. "
"Wisconsin ""is on pace to double the number of layoffs"" this year. "
"ISIS is ""going to people showing videos of Donald Trump insulting Islam and Muslims in order to recruit more radical jihadists."" "
"""One of the most troubling aspects of the Rubio-Schumer Gang of Eight bill was that it gave President Obama blanket authority to admit refugees, including Syrian refugees, without mandating any background checks whatsoever."" "
"President Barack Obama ""himself has granted waivers allowing into the United States refugees who provided material support to terrorists."" "
"President Barack Obama’s homeland security budget had ""$16 million to fight climate change"" but ""didn't have a line item to fight violent extremism.""   "
"The 9/11 terrorists' friends, family, girlfriends in the United States ""were sent back for the most part to Saudi Arabia. They knew what was going on. They went home, and they wanted to watch their boyfriends on television."" "
"""The Electric Reliability Council of Texas (ERCOT) has estimated that the Obama administration’s Power Plan will cause energy costs in Texas to rise as much as 16 percent per year."" "
"The Milwaukee County bus system has ""among the highest fares in the nation."" "
"carpet bombing means bombing ""not a city, but the location of the troops,"" with ""embedded special forces to direct the air power."" "
"Ted Cruz supports ""legalizing people who are in this country illegally.""   "
"""One of the things I would immediately do … is bring back the warrior class -- Petraeus, McChrystal, Mattis, Keane, Flynn. ... Every one was retired early because they told President Obama things that he didn’t want to hear."" "
"Marco Rubio ""is the one for an open border.""   "
"""The head of the FBI has told Congress they cannot vet those (Syrian) refugees."" "
"""We're practically not allowed to use coal any more. What do we do with our coal? We ship it to China and they spew it in the air."" "
"""Mike Morell testified and told Congress that the reason Obama has not bombed ISIS' oil fields is they're concerned about global warming."" "
"""David Simpson actually voted for driver's licenses for illegal immigrants."" "
" In 2000, ""I wrote about Osama bin Laden, ‘We’ve got to take him out.’"" "
"""Under conservative leadership, Congress has reduced the federal deficit by 60 percent – nearly $800 billion.""   "
"Marco Rubio said ""we should be considering internment"" of Muslims, and ""maybe we should close down cafes and diners where Muslims gather and in fact compared them to the Nazi party.""   "
"25 percent of U.S. Muslims ""agreed that violence against Americans here in the United States is justified as a part of the global jihad."" "
"Barack Obama’s Columbia University ID he was a foreign student and went by ""Barry Soetoro."" "
"""If Trump had just put his father’s money in a mutual fund ... he’d have $8 billion."" "
"""Technically, (Ted Cruz is) not even an American."" "
"In the weekend after the terrorist attacks in Paris, the White House said ""this couldn't happen in the United States. ISIS couldn't reach us here."" "
"A Muslim immigrant in Michigan can list his second, third or fourth wives as ""extended family"" and qualify for welfare. "
"""Last year, I stopped an Obamacare bailout and saved taxpayers $2.5 billion."" "
"""From 2010-2014, median household income"" in Wisconsin ""has actually gone up 7.4 percent.""   "
"""There are over 700,000 Americans on some watch list or another that would all be captured"" in a Democratic amendment intended to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns. "
"""Each vegan spares more than 100 animals every year.""   "
"The ""federal government is going after school districts, trying to force them to let boys shower with little girls."" "
"""Ted Cruz tried to ban contraception"" five times. "
"President Barack Obama ""wants to take in 250,000 (people) from Syria."" "
"""Here’s the simple and undeniable fact: The overwhelming majority of violent criminals are Democrats."" "
"""The Family Research Council, according to some government agencies, is a terrorist group."" "
"Jeb Bush’s plan for Social Security is ""disastrous for seniors and raises the retirement age to 70."" "
"Thomas Jefferson helped ""craft"" the Constitution. "
"""Illegal immigrants mow the grass around the (Texas) Capitol."" "
"The United States has ""10,000 IRS agents making sure that you don't take an improper charity deduction,"" but to fight terrorism, it has ""less than two dozen people focusing on countering violent extremism at home.""     "
"Oregon’s Umpqua Community College ""where the shooting occurred was a gun-free zone."" "
"After the Texas cutoff of aid to women’s health care services including Planned Parenthood clinics, ""over 150,000… women lost the only health care they had. Our Medicaid birth rate shot up. It cost taxpayers over $130 million in one year alone in extra Medicaid birth costs."" "
President Barack Obama did not invite a Republican senator to dine at the White House until his fifth year in office.  
"""59 percent of Americans today believe that Barack Obama is still a Muslim."" "
crime statistics show blacks kill 81 percent of white homicide victims.   
"""We now know these firms are unwilling to put up any private money,"" for California's high-speed rail project.     "
"In 2013, the United States ""accepted 67 percent of the world’s refugees."" "
"""I watched in Jersey City, N.J., where thousands and thousands of people were cheering"" as the World Trade Center collapsed.     "
"""This incident of supposed feces depicting a swastika on the wall of a bathrooms in one of the halls ... has been supported by zero fact."" "
"""The vast majority of (Syrian) refugees are young, able-bodied men looking for work."" "
"""If we pass immigration reform, it will make wages go up on average $250 for the average household.""   "
"""8 Syrians caught at Texas border in Laredo."" "
"While Americans pray for Paris, the government has acted on mandatory national vaccinations. "
Taking all the money of the top 1 percent wouldn’t keep Medicare going for three years. 
"""There is currently no ability to vet these people,"" referring to Syrian refugees. "
"The federal government is sending refugees to states with governors who are ""Republicans, not to the Democrats."" "
"Ted Cruz ""is a supporter of legalizing people that are in this country illegally"" and ""proposed giving them work permits."" "
"a car driving former University of Missouri System President Tim Wolfe ""ran through the students, hit one of them"" at the MU Homecoming Parade. "
"In Japan, ""permanent residency is not given to Muslims,"" the ""propagation of Islam"" is banned, ""one cannot import a Koran published in the Arabic language,"" and ""Muslims cannot even rent a house."" "
Drinking champagne could help prevent Alzheimer’s and other forms of dementia. 
"Climate change is ""directly related"" to the growth of terrorism. "
"""When I became governor, I inherited a large deficit. You know what? We just turned that into the largest surplus in Virginia history."" "
"Out of the total U.S. military budget, ""significantly less than 10 percent of that money is used to fight international terrorism.""   "
"The ""Democratic Party is getting smaller and smaller and smaller."" "
"""The Chinese are there"" in Syria. "
"""After Sandy Hook, Ted Cruz stopped Obama’s push for new gun control laws."" "
"""When Chuck Schumer and Marco Rubio tried to push amnesty, it was Ted Cruz who stopped them.""   "
"The Trans-Pacific Partnership ""was designed for China to come in, as they always do, through the back door and totally take advantage of everyone."" "
"The Democrats plan ""to raise your tax rates to 70 or 80 percent."" "
"""Obamacare isn't helping anyone."" "
"Hillary Clinton told her daughter and a government official that Benghazi ""was a terrorist attack, and then tells everybody else that it was a video.""   "
"that Starbucks took ""Christmas off of their brand new cups."" "
"""Welders make more money than philosophers."" "
"""Only one out of five of the so-called ‘Syrian refugees’ who went into Europe were actually Syrian."" "
"""Every time we raise the minimum wage, the number of jobless people increases."" "
"""We’re losing now over $500 billion a year in terms of imbalance with China."" "
"""Everyone on California’s roads is properly licensed, tested and insured.""   "
"On the VA: ""Over 300,000 veterans have died waiting for care."" "
"""Every signer of the Declaration of Independence had no federal elected office experience."" "
"""I am the only person in this field who is against amnesty. Every other person in this field wants to allow people who are here illegally to be able to stay here, in one form or another."" "
"""Texas #2 in nation for new gun purchases, behind California."" "
"The Koch Brothers are ""spending more money than either the Democratic or Republican parties"" in the 2016 elections. "
"Bernie Sanders’s plan is ""to raise your taxes to 90 percent."" "
his plan would cut taxes without increasing the deficit. 
"""My plan actually gives the middle class the greatest break: $2,000 per family."" "
his tax plan wouldn't leave the federal government with a $1.1 trillion hole. 
"The CNBC debate was supposed to be three hours, and he ""renegotiated it down to two hours."" "
"Ohio Gov. John Kasich ""got lucky with a thing called fracking,"" which ""is why Ohio is doing well."" "
"The debt limit deal ""allows President Obama to borrow unlimited amounts of money."" "
"""It has been estimated that nearly 40 percent of all guns sold in America are sold by private, unlicensed sellers either online or through gun shows.""  "
"a question about his financial skills at the CNBC debate included ""discredited attacks from Democrats and my political opponents."" "
"""In Florida, we have the lowest in-state tuition of any state.""   "
"""Under Barack Obama and the big government economy, the median wage for women has dropped $733."" "
"""92 percent of the jobs lost during Barack Obama’s first term belonged to women."" "
"""Most Americans are now getting their news from Facebook.""   "
"he ""didn’t have an involvement with"" nutritional supplement company Mannatech. "
"""I never said that"" Marco Rubio was Mark Zuckerberg’s personal senator. "
"Paul Ryan ""is one of only six House Republicans who voted for Teddy Kennedy's bill to force Christian employers to hire LGBT employees."" "
"""How is a misogynist bigot of epic proportions (like U.S. Rep. Steven Smith) allowed to serve?"" "
"Unlike Benghazi, there were no investigations of the 1983 Beirut barracks bombing, none about key aspects of the 9/11 attacks and the Iraq War, and none about embassy attacks under George W. Bush. "
"""The president said he’s going to bring in 250,000 (Syrian and Iraqi) refugees into this country.""   "
"""German citizens were disarmed by their government in the late 1930s,"" which allowed the Nazis to ""carry out their evil intentions with relatively little resistance.""     "
"""Sixty-one percent of our bridges are in trouble."" "
"Glen Sturtevant is ""against smaller class sizes."" "
"""only about 2 percent"" of gun sales in Virginia are not subject to background checks. "
"""In 40 years, 23,000 chemicals came on the market and only four were regulated.""   "
Denmark’s suicide rate has been about twice as high as the United States’ over the past five decades. 
"""The word progressive ... was created as a substitute for ‘communist’.""   "
"Two years ago motorists in Ferguson, a city of 20,000 people, ""received 31,000 citations. That's at least one citation per person plus 10,000 for visitors. The city is still surviving only on traffic tickets; there's virtually no industry there."" "
"Planned Parenthood is ""nothing more than a referral service. … They don’t do anything except profit from killing babies and then selling body parts of those aborted babies."" "
"To abide by Environmental Protection Agency rules when mining or drilling you have ""to take caution not to disturb bodies of water barely bigger than a puddle.""   "
"""CNN's Crap Polling"" is so bad that it shows that ""no one under the age of 50 has an opinion of Hillary Clinton."" "
"CIA Director George Tenet told the Bush administration that the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attack ""was coming. So they did have advanced notice."" "
"Bernie Sanders is going to ""tax you people at 90 percent."" "
"""You wonder why you don't see Rand Paul as much; he's still shopping for his billionaire. He's like the only one who hasn't found a billionaire to fund his super PAC."" "
"""We have the highest tax rate anywhere in the world."" "
CNN deleted an online poll showing Bernie Sanders won the first Democratic presidential debate to help out Hillary Clinton. 
"The Washington D.C.-area ""never has a recession."" "
"In Milwaukee County, juveniles arrested for car theft ""get sent immediately home, because under the point system in juvenile court"" on holding suspects, ""a stolen car gets zero points.""   "
"""Republican leadership took the lead confirming Loretta Lynch as attorney general."" "
"""I did not play any role in bringing the company to RI as did others in government. I was tasked with handling the legislation affecting the company by my superiors.""   "
"Bernie Sanders once said, ""Instead of removing the conditions that make people depressed, modern society gives them antidepressant drugs."" "
"From 2014 to 2015, Austin’s ""murder rate is up a whopping 83 percent."" "
"The gun industry is ""the only business in America that is wholly protected from any kind of liability."" "
"Wisconsin’s Government Accountability Board ""wanted to consider Mickey Mouse and Adolf Hitler as valid signatures on recall petitions."" "
"""Bernie Sanders admits he is a Democratic Socialist. … Nazis were Democratic Socialists."" "
"""We have the highest funding in (the) K-12 system in the history of the state."" "
"""Paul Ryan is one of less than a dozen Republican congressmen to have voted for every bailout to come before Congress.""   "
"""We are imprisoning or giving jail sentences to young people who are smoking marijuana."" "
"Edward Snowden ""could have gotten all of the protections of being a whistleblower.""   "
"President Barack Obama and Secretary of State John Kerry agreed ""to lift Iran’s economic and arms sanctions without any proof of change in conduct."" "
"Dan Gecker voted to ""double vehicle registration fees, costing (Chesterfield) county residents over $6 million annually."" "
"Virginia’s current unemployment rate is ""the lowest in Virginia history."" "
"Republican Rep. Charlie Dent wants to kick the Freedom Caucus out of the Republican conference ""for voting our conscience.""      "
"""In the class of 1968 at Patrice Lumumba University in Moscow, Mahmoud Abbas was one of the members of that class, and so was Ali Khamenei. And that's where they first established relationships with the young Vladimir Putin."" "
"Donald Trump’s ""Make America Great Again"" hats were made in China. "
"Planned Parenthood has ""now (been) found to also illegally sell baby parts."" "
"Pope Francis uses a modest compact car to get around, while Creflo Dollar drives an expensive sports car. "
"""100 percent of the crime is committed, in estimate, by about 15 percent of the population."" "
"Birth control pioneer Margaret Sanger ""believed that people like me should be eliminated."" "
"Planned Parenthood CEO Cecile Richards was ""forced to concede that 86 percent of Planned Parenthood’s revenue is from abortion."" "
"Among Syrian refugees, ""there aren't that many women, there aren't that many children."" "
"""Remember that developers are forced to use the ‘195 land union’ contractors, so tap an extra $10 million into any construction project.""   "
"Missouri Democratic Senate candidate Jason Kander is ""attending fancy dinners all over the country.""   "
"""HIV/AIDS among women is skyrocketing in Austin."" "
"Scott Walker ""said he wouldn't touch"" the state civil service system but now supports overhauling it. "
"The Benghazi probe is ""the longest-running congressional investigation ever."" "
"after leaving the White House, Hillary Clinton ""was forced to return an estimated $200,000 in White House china, furniture and artwork that she had stolen.""   "
"In 2006, Planned Parenthood performed more prevention services and cancer screenings than abortions, but in 2013, there were more abortions. "
"When ICE releases illegal immigrants, ""a lot of those people are not from Honduras and Mexico. They’re from Iraq and Somalia and Russia.""   "
"Honduras ""bans citizens from owning guns"" and has the ""highest homicide rate in the entire world."" Switzerland, with a similar population, ""requires citizens to own guns"" and has the ""lowest homicide rate in the entire world."" "
"The unemployment rate may be as high as ""42 percent."" "
"""When I left Washington, we had a $5 trillion surplus."" "
"""Almost nine out of every 10 pennies that would be spent"" turning a 200-mile stretch of Interstate 70 into a toll road ""would be from folks outside Missouri."" "
"The largest low-wage employer ""is not McDonalds or Walmart but the U.S. government.""   "
"Obamacare doesn’t require members of Congress ""to abide by the same rules that all of the other Americans do."" "
"""We've had examples like in Yuma County, where we've been able to stop 97 percent of the illegal (immigration) flow, and those programs, they abolish."" "
"The tax policies of George W. Bush ""created a dynamic effect of high growth."" "
"There is not ""one of the Muslim nations"" that doesn't have ""discrimination against women, discrimination against gays, subjugation of other religious beliefs."" "
"""When (Ronald) Reagan came in, from 1978 to 1982, economic growth averaged less than 1 percent a year. There’s only one other four-year period where that’s true. That’s true from 2008 to 2012."" "
"""Daraprim is still underpriced, relative to its peers.""   "
"""The birther movement was started by Hillary Clinton in 2008. She was all in!""   "
"There are a ""multitude"" of vaccines that do not prevent deadly and crippling diseases. "
"Bernie Sanders opposes ""requiring all children to have a K-12 education."" "
"""You know our current president is (Muslim). You know he's not even an American.""   "
"that President Barack Obama said an attack on Syria ""was going to be a pinprick."" "
"The Iran deal ""trusts the Iranians to inspect themselves."" "
"The government ""made accommodation to the Fort Hood shooter to let him grow a beard"" for religious reasons.   "
"Pediatricians have cut down on the number and proximity of vaccines because they recognize there have been ""too many in too short a period of time.""   "
"One of the Planned Parenthood videos shows ""a fully formed fetus on the table, its heart beating, its legs kicking, while someone says, 'We have to keep it alive to harvest its brain.' "" "
"he will pursue change in federal law to protect employees from ""extortion from a union"" because ""the Supreme Court has ruled that federal prohibitions outlawing extortion usually do not apply to unions.""   "
"Mexico doesn't have birthright citizenship, and Americans are the ""only ones"" to have it. "
"""The Iran Deal will facilitate and accelerate the nation of Iran acquiring nuclear weapons.""   "
Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker turned a $1 billion surplus into a $2.2 billion budget deficit. 
Annexation would lead to overcrowding at Decatur’s city schools. 
"""Jeb's policies in Florida helped lead to its almost total collapse."" "
"Donald Trump’s polling numbers show that he’s ""the highest with Hispanics that any Republican has ever been."" "
the case of a Texas judge who refused to perform heterosexual weddings exposes a double standard in the case against Kentucky clerk Kim Davis. 
"""Inspections of abortion centers around Virginia have found multiple violations of parental consent laws … but Gov. Terry McAuliffe and his administration have done nothing."" "
"""After Texas defunded Planned Parenthood, both the unintended pregnancy and abortion rates dropped."" "
"Scott Walker said ""Labor unions don’t deserve to have a national holiday"" due to their damage to the economy. And the holiday ""should be replaced by Patriots Day, celebrated every year on 9/11."" "
"""Unions did not create"" the eight-hour work day and the 40-hour work week. ""Henry Ford did."" "
"Scott Walker rejected legislation to make college loan payments tax deductible and the result was ""to raise taxes on students."" "
"Under the Iran deal: ""If Israel attacks Iran … we’re supposed to be on Iran’s side."" "
""" 'Denali' is the Kenyan word for 'black power.' "" "
"Under the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty ""enrichment has been limited to basically the weapons states.""   "
"""Jesus was an undocumented immigrant."" "
"The claim that 97 percent of scientists believe humans are causing climate change has been debunked by the ""head"" of the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. ""That number was pulled out of thin air."" "
"Democratic Sens. Ed Markey, Al Franken and Jeanne Shaheen ""took Bribes From Iran … They Back Insane NUKE Deal."" "
"""The most recent survey of climate scientists said about 57 percent don’t agree with the idea that 95 percent of the change in the climate is caused by CO2."" "
"""In countries where there are higher, more strict gun laws, there is more gun violence."" "
"The Obama administration is ""proposing to mine another 10 billion tons of Wyoming coal, which would unleash three times more carbon pollution than Obama's Clean Power Plan would even save through 2030."" "
"Scott Walker ""brags a lot about having an independent agency investigate police shootings. Of course, he didn’t fund it."" "
"""We have 93 million people out of work. They look for jobs, they give up, and all of a sudden, statistically, they're considered employed."" "
"""I was one of the few, very few, who voted `no’ on the Iran deal."" "
"Russ Feingold cast the ""deciding vote"" for the ""largest tax increase"" in history "
"""We’re the most highly taxed nation in the world."" "
"""How do Jeb Bush and Donald Trump differ on immigration? Spoiler alert: They don't.""   "
"""In 1940, only 7 percent of Germans were Nazis.""   "
"Planned Parenthood is ""not actually doing women’s health issues."" "
"""Not one of the 17 GOP candidates has discussed how they'd address the rising cost of college."" "
"""The federal government right now does not deport criminals.""   "
"Bobby Jindal’s parents ""used his birthright citizenship to become Americans, making him an anchor baby."" "
"Under Scott Walker, ""the Wisconsin middle class is shrinking at a faster rate than any other state in the country."" "
"Says ""there’s 400,000"" anchor babies born in the United States a year, which are ""individuals coming to our country and having their children so their children can be U.S. citizens."" "
"""If I had not asked for my emails all to be made public, none of this would have been in the public arena."" "
"Michele Bachmann said, ""The Chinese built a Great Wall 5,000 years ago. You don't see any illegal Mexicans in China."" "
"Patrick Murphy ""hasn't passed a single bill out of committee."" "
"""There’s a tremendous other number of public officials who have done the same thing"" as Hillary Clinton with a private email server. "
"Between 2008 and 2014, ""criminal aliens accounted for 38 percent of all murder convictions in the five states of California, Texas, Arizona, Florida and New York.""   "
"57 percent of federal spending goes to the military and just 1 percent goes to food and agriculture, including food stamps. "
"On unemployment rates: ""We have counties in Southwest Virginia that are well into double digits and some that are pushing 20 percent."" "
"""We spend almost twice as much per capita on health care as do the people of any other country."" "
"""One of the reasons that Social Security is in so much trouble is that the only funding stream comes from people who get a wage. The people who get wages is declining dramatically."" "
"""Over 40 percent of small and mid-size banks that loan money to small businesses have been wiped out since Dodd-Frank has passed."" "
"Marco Rubio’s ""proposed college affordability overhaul would specifically benefit for-profit colleges."" "
There is debate among constitutional scholars about whether the First Amendment will continue to protect faith leaders from being forced to perform marriages against their religious beliefs. 
"Scott Walker ""had a 2.3 GPA when he was asked to leave Marquette University for cheating."" "
"""Prior to 1962, everybody prayed before school started,"" and ""the Bible was the principal textbook in all schools."" "
"""If you look at the results of Obamacare, what you see is emergency room visits are up over 50 percent."" "
"""Some of the things that (Megyn Kelly) said, I didn’t say."" "
"Jill McCabe ""supports late term abortions. Larger baby parts are more profitable.""   "
"""I was appointed U.S. attorney by President Bush on Sept. 10, 2001."" "
"""Ukraine was a nuclear-armed state. They gave away their nuclear arms with the understanding that we would protect them."" "
"On allowing abortion in cases of rape or incest, ""I have never said that or advocated that."" "
"""In FY 2014 Planned Parenthood performed 327,653 abortions while receiving $528 million from taxpayers, in violation"" of ""the Hyde amendment."" "
"Hillary Clinton has ""been in office and in government longer than anybody else running here tonight."" "
"Illegal immigration ""wasn’t a subject that was on anybody’s mind until I brought it up at my announcement."" "
"""The Mexican government ... they send the bad ones over."" "
"The Navy ""is bringing charges against"" a Navy officer who shot at the Chattanooga shooter ""for illegally discharging a firearm on federal property."" "
"""Almost 95 percent of all (Planned Parenthood) pregnancy services were abortions."" "
"Austin is ""effectively"" imposing ""a ban on barbecue restaurants."" "
"Say President George W. Bush "" ‘borrowed’ $1.37 trillion of Social Security surplus revenue to pay for his tax cuts for the rich and his war in Iraq and never paid it back."" "
"Under President Barack Obama, income levels and unemployment numbers ""are worse now than just about ever"" for African-Americans. "
"Planned Parenthood is ""the only health care that a significant number of women get. About 30 percent of women, that's their health care."" "
"states not directly involved in the gay marriage lawsuits that reached the Supreme Court ""are not bound"" by the court’s ruling. "
"Hillary Clinton ""refuses to testify before Congress"" about the 2012 attack in Benghazi.  "
"""The law ... when a police officer stops you, do whatever he and then deal with it later."" "
"""Obama Makes Huge Move to BAN Social Security Recipients From Owning Guns"" "
"his political opponents ""brought 100,000 protesters into our state."" "
"""House Republicans just passed a bill that makes it legal for single mothers to be fired by their employers."" "
"The number of illegal immigrants in the United States is ""30 million, it could be 34 million.""   "
"""The economy, by every metric, is better than when I came into office."" "
"Under Gov. Scott Walker, Wisconsin ""projected a $1 billion (budget) surplus and it turns out to be a deficit of $2.2 billion."" "
"When President Abraham Lincoln signed his Emancipation Proclamation, ""there were over 300,000 slaveholders who were fighting in the Union army.""   "
"under his leadership ""Wisconsin median household income"" is up 2.7%, while it is down 1.3% nationally under President Obama. "
"""I deployed the Texas National Guard"" to the Texas-Mexico border. ""And the policy worked; apprehensions at the border declined 74 percent."" "
President Barack Obama met with Iranian president Hassan Rouhani. 
"""Obama’s Clean Power Plan ... eliminates coal-fired power plants."" "
"The Texas Capitol faces South toward Goliad, in memory of the most horrific battle of the Texas Revolution. "
"The Iran deal that ""if any other country tries to undermine (Iran's) nuclear program, we have to help them defend themselves against Israel, Egypt, Saudis, our own allies.""   "
"The five Guantanamo detainees swapped for Bowe Bergdahl ""are right now back on the battlefield."" "
"President Barack Obama ""said at the beginning of the negotiations that the basic approach was to dismantle Iran’s nuclear program in exchange for dismantling the sanctions."" "
"If women seeking an abortion see their ultrasound, ""the odds are pretty high they're going to keep the baby."" "
"""A law was passed, apparently in the Clinton administration, about whether, in recruiting offices … Marines or other military should be able to have guns. Apparently it is prohibited.""   "
"John McCain ""has done nothing to help the vets."" "
"""Christian Pastor in Vermont Sentenced to One Year in Prison After Refusing to Marry Gay Couple"" "
"""Scott Walker’s bad budget includes: No weekend for workers."" "
"""ISIS supporter tweeted at 10:34 a.m. Shooting began at 10:45 a.m."" in Chattanooga, Tenn. "
"""Texas’ high school graduation rate went from 27th in the country in 2002, to second highest in the country in 2013."" "
"""If you're from Syria and you're a Christian, you cannot come into this country"" as a refugee. "
"""Four times, I said, he (John McCain) is a hero, but you know ... people choose selective pieces."" "
"""In a few months, this deal would give Iran $150 billion"" for its $300 billion to $400 billion economy, which is ""like $8 trillion flowing into the United States treasury."" "
"""Obama keeps talking about getting rid of all nuclear weapons. He’s already significantly reduced our capabilities there."" "
"The California governor ""yes to poisoning more children with mercury and aluminum"" in vaccines. "
"Muslims ""attempted to establish the first Islamic Sharia court inside the United States in the town of Irving, Texas."" "
"Carlos Lopez-Cantera ""even voiced enthusiastic support for bringing an Arizona-style immigration law to Florida, calling the measure 'common sense.’""   "
"Despite keeping distance from national media interviewers, ""I did local press all along, the last three months."" "
Florida had five sanctuary cities while Jeb Bush was governor. 
"""The $5 billion website for Obamacare … never worked. Still doesn't work."" "
"""We don’t have a (military) reserve force if something happens."" "
"""We know from ... the federal data, that they only stop or apprehend one out of four illegal people crossing our border."" "
"Chris Christie ""vetoed equal pay for women 3 times. He only let the bill pass once it became a damaging campaign issue."" "
"President Obama ""is reducing our naval fleet to 1917 levels..."" "
"Wisconsin’s economy has ""tanked"" under Gov. Scott Walker and ""so far in 2015 over 6,685 people have been laid off, already more than in all of 2014."" "
"Donald Trump has ""given more money to Democratic candidates than Republican candidates."" "
"""Jay-Z and Beyonce Attempt to Buy Rights to Confederate Flag to Prevent Further Use."" "
"""The Mexican government forces many bad people into our country."" "
"""We have the highest rate of childhood poverty of any major country on Earth."" "
A photograph of 21-year-old Hillary Clinton featured a Confederate battle flag in the background. 
"""Hundreds of thousands of (illegal immigrants are) going to state and federal penitentiaries."" "
"his book, The Art of the Deal, is ""the No. 1 selling business book of all time."" "
"After actions by Gov. Scott Walker and Republicans, Wisconsin ""is dead broke."" "
Six thousand people have sought addiction treatment through expanded Medicaid. 
"""ISIS lures women with kittens, nutella."" "
"""50 percent of murders in Texas have been linked to illegal aliens."" "
"The Supreme Court’s views ""are radically out of step with public opinion"" regarding its decision to legalize same-sex marriage nationwide. "
"U.S. Sen. Ron Johnson ""voted to cut $700m from Medicare.""   "
"Public support for abortion ""is actually going down a little bit,"" polls show. "
"A Texas law ""will repatriate $1 billion of gold bullion from the Federal Reserve in New York to Texas."" "
"""Lincoln was fervently making plans to send all freed slaves to the jungles of Central America once the (Civil War) was over. … The only thing that kept this from happening was his assassination."" "
"Wisconsin ""was literally broke"" when Republicans took office in January 2011.  "
"Jeb Bush ""appointed a guardian for the fetus of a rape survivor."" "
"""The Civil War wasn't about slavery."" "
"""Under the Affordable Care Act, anyone on Medicare who is admitted to a hospital for observation will be responsible for the bill. Medicare won't pay a cent."" "
"Barack Obama told the U.S. Coast Guard Academy ""that the number one threat to the military and the world today is global warming."" "
"South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley ""is an immigrant."" "
"Scott Walker ""said that forcing women facing abortion to get invasive ultrasounds was 'just a cool thing.'"" "
"""The party in the White House"" is responsible for ""a massive tax increase on the middle class."" "
"""This type of mass violence does not happen in other advanced countries. It doesn’t happen in other places with this kind of frequency."" "
"The Democrats are ""responsible"" for ""the swift, mindless drawdown of a military that was generations in the making."" "
"""Even our nuclear arsenal doesn't work. It came out recently they have equipment that is 30 years old. They don't know if it worked."" "
"the California flag was supposed to be a pear, not a bear. "
"""After the 2001 and 2003 Bush tax rate cuts ... there was more money coming into the treasury."" "
"""When was the last time you saw a Chevrolet in Japan? It doesn’t exist, folks."" "
"""Our real unemployment is anywhere from 18 to 20 percent. Don't believe the 5.6. Don't believe it."" "
"""The last quarter, it was just announced, our gross domestic product … was below zero. Who ever heard of this? It's never below zero."" "
"The Islamic State ""just built a hotel in Syria."" "
"Hillary Clinton ""has donated every cent she's ever earned from speaking fees to charity."" "
"Bill Clinton ""gave a speech in 1996 about Iraq having WMDs"" and said ""we needed a regime change,"" even though everyone blamed those things on George W. Bush. "
"Scott Walker runs a state government that bans ""employees from talking about climate change."" "
"Millennials ""will be 75 percent of the workforce in the next 10 years."" "
"Hillary Clinton's ""been very clear where she stands on trade."" "
"""The profit [from automated traffic enforcement cameras] is going to the private corporations, not to the city or state.""   "
"Thanks to the Act 10 collective bargaining law that took effect four years ago, ACT scores in Wisconsin ""are now second-best in the country for states where more than half the kids take the exam."" "
"The New York Times ""had to retract"" its story that Hillary Clinton’s email handling had broken certain laws. "
"""If you care about the environment, we've got record funding."" "
"If Fox News' presidential debate rules had been in place during the 1992 election, ""Bill Clinton wouldn't have been on the stage."" "
"""We’re the only nation in the world that does not use the military to secure our border."" "
"""The entirety of North America -- Canada, the United States and Mexico -- there's more known reserves in those three countries than in Russia and Saudi Arabia."" "
"""You don't have to be as smart as a fifth-grader to know what causes the climate is the sun. The sun.  I have people tell me, ‘Carbon dioxide warms the Earth.’  No, it doesn't.  The sun warms the Earth."" "
"A measure to repeal the state’s prevailing wage law would ""make it easier for state contractors to hire illegal workers for Wisconsin construction jobs"" through an ""illegal worker loophole in the state budget."" "
"The USA Freedom Act undercuts privacy because ""the phone records will be in the hands of the phone companies with hundreds of people available to look at the records, versus 20 or 30 people in the government."" "
"The runnerup to Caitlyn Jenner for ESPN’s Arthur Ashe Courage Award was ""Army veteran Noah Galloway, who lost an arm and leg to a roadside bomb in Iraq."" "
"""Most polls show foreign nations have lower regard for the U.S. now than they did before Obama’s time."" "
"The Texas Senate ""approved a bill to put a special label on the insurance cards of anyone who bought a plan through Obamacare"" that includes the letter ""S"" for subsidy. "
"""America has already taken in one-fourth of Mexico's entire population.""   "
"""The CEO of Goldman Sachs let his employees know that he’d be just fine with either Bush or Clinton."" "
"""The American murder rate is 50 times that of any other developed nation."" "
"""Once a woman enters into the sex trade, her average life expectancy is seven years."" "
"The Supreme Court ""can’t overrule the other two"" branches of government.   "
"""ISIS didn't exist when my brother was president. Al-Qaida in Iraq was wiped out when my brother was president."" "
"Ted Cruz said: ""While there may have been an age difference, Josh Duggar’s transgressions are far less an affront to God than what gays do to each other."" "
"Hillary Clinton ""makes more per hour at a speaking gig than the average CEO does in a year."" "
"""Florida was the only state during my eight years to go from AA to AAA"" in its bond rating. "
"Marco Rubio said that ""felons should not have their voting rights restored"" but that ""convicted felons should be allowed to own guns after they have done their time."" "
"Democratic challenger Russ Feingold ""was the deciding vote on Obamacare."" "
"There was ""a 57-percent decrease in fireworks-related injuries in 2000 [after Connecticut legalized sparklers] compared to the 14 years prior."" "
"Democrat ""Russ Feingold announced his Wisconsin Senate run today from…California."" "
"""During Obama's first five years as president, black unemployment increased 42 percent. During Reagan's presidency, black unemployment dropped 20 percent."" "
"""One person has been fired"" at the Veterans Administration for withholding services. "
"As a senator, Hillary Clinton ""actually paid female staffers a lot less than men."" "
"Says the State Department has ""had half a year"" to respond to a Benghazi document request, yet ""I have not gotten a single, solitary scrap of paper."" "
"""Every year we spend roughly $500 billion on tax compliance. That is roughly the budget of our entire military, entirely wasted on tax compliance."" "
"Jeb Bush ""once held $1 million in family planning grants hostage until the programs receiving the money agreed not to discuss birth control at all."" "
"Hedge fund managers ""pay less in taxes than nurses and truck drivers."" "
"Thomas Jefferson said ""that government is best which governs least."" "
The average age of planes in the Qatar Airways fleet is about four years while Delta Air Lines flies planes that are 35 years old. 
"""We had an agreement that the president could have signed that would have kept 10,000 troops"" in Iraq. "
"State legislators ""quietly shifted $2 billion from education to road building"" in 2013. "
"""The proportion of Rhode Islanders entering substance abuse treatment primarily due to marijuana use has reached its highest point in 20 years."" "
"""In the last 24 months, 10 rural Texas hospitals have been forced to shut their doors because state leaders"" chose not to expand Medicaid. "
"""Transgender individuals in the U.S. have a 1-in-12 chance of being murdered."" "
"that as president, Barack Obama has not gone to the Texas-Mexico border  "
"""Once again, a police officer has been killed with an illegal gun from Georgia – a state that last year did the NRA’s bidding and weakened its already lax gun laws."" "
"""The families that are covered through the Low Income Pool is a different group of individuals than are covered by Obamacare."" "
"""Two-thirds of American families rely on the mother's income to stay above the poverty level.""   "
"""Republicans have already cut our neighborhood public schools three budgets in a row."" "
"""We had the biggest drop of the rate of unemployment (in) all but 4 states."" "
"""On my last trip to New Hampshire, I think I met the guy who founded the first and only bank since Dodd-Frank passed, since the financial crisis. One bank in the country."" "
"""Not a single Republican candidate, announced or potential, is clearly and consistently supporting a path to citizenship. Not one."" "
"""Hate speech is excluded from protection"" under the First Amendment. "
"""Amendments (Hillary Clinton) supported and voted for in 2006, she no longer supported in 2008,"" showing she changed positions on an India nuclear deal. "
"""There are more young black males involved in the criminal justice system than there are in higher education.""   "
"The United States ""is not modernizing its nuclear weapons."" "
"The United States ""is not building the aircraft, the long-range bombers, the additional aircraft carriers, the nuclear submarines."" "
"I ""helped pass what, if enacted, would be the largest tax cut in Texas history through the State Senate."" "
" Said President Barack Obama ""said he was going to stop (signature strikes)."" "
"Algeria ""wanted to be taken off of the terror list"" at the time it made an unreported donation to the Clinton Foundation.  "
"""It’s estimated that 40 percent of all the guns that are sold in the United States occur with no background records check."" "
"""About half of the presidents have been governors; half of them, senators."" "
"The money the Clinton Foundation took from from foreign governments while Hillary Clinton was secretary of state ""is clearly illegal. … The Constitution you can’t take this stuff."" "
"""Fifteen years ago, you couldn't even get a pizza delivered in that neighborhood."" "
"""I can tell you with certainty (cap and trade) would have a devastating impact on our economy."" "
"""We're not allowed to read it (the Trans-Pacific Partnership) before representatives vote on it."" "
"""Rosalyn Dance voted against President Obama’s Medicaid expansion."" "
"the Clintons ""burst through their own self-pronounced guidelines"" by accepting foreign donations. ""There is a clip of Bill Clinton saying we're not going to take foreign donations."" "
"he ""raised average family income by 50 percent"" during his tenure as Arkansas governor. "
"the recall elections that aimed to remove him and other Republican officials from office ""cost tens of millions of dollars to run."" "
"""We spend more money on antacids than we do on politics."" "
"The projected revenue from the Mayweather/Pacquiao fight is ""larger than the annual GDP of 29 different countries."" "
"the estate tax, ""in many cases,"" forces family farmers and small businesses owners to sell their holdings. "
"The man who killed a motorist who fatally struck a 2-year-old was ""back on the street"" because he had received a 13-year sentence for bank robbery but only ""served two years.""   "
"""We spent twice as much per capita for health care in this country as the next closest nation."" "
"Baltimore police are ""trained by Mossad and Shin Bet."" "
"""Eighty-five percent of every dollar donated to the Clinton Foundation ended up either with the Clintons or with their staff to pay for travel, salaries, and benefits. Fifteen cents of every dollar actually went to some charitable beneficiary."" "
"Minnesota’s ""advantage"" in economic growth has been having ""Republicans in charge of at least one part of government"" for all but two years, while Wisconsin Democrats ""for many years"" before 2011 controlled both legislative chambers and the governorship.   "
"""Medicaid patients were 97 percent more likely to die than those with private insurance."" "
"$29 is what ""families on SNAP (i.e. food stamps) have to live on for a week."" "
Women make only 78 percent of what men make for the same job.    
"""ISIS camp a few miles from Texas, Mexican authorities confirm."" "
"""American families work hard to earn $4,250 a month. Obama is spending $18,972 a month on each illegal immigrant child."" "
"""The elimination of essentially every automobile would be offset by one volcano exploding."" "
"""The president and vice president can't be from the same state.""   "
"""all my grandparents"" immigrated to America. "
"Howard Zinn, ""an anti-American Marxist,"" wrote ""the most popular textbook that's taught in our high schools in America."" "
"""U.S. police killed more people in just one month than the U.K.’s did in over a century."" "
"Marco Rubio ""voted to deport"" young people known as Dreamers. "
"Repealing Obamacare saves ""our nation more than $2 trillion."" "
"Hillary Clinton ""erased all of her emails even though they were subject to recall and review by Congress.""   "
"""In the early 1980s, Sen. Edward Kennedy secretly offered to help Soviet leaders counter the Reagan administration’s position on nuclear disarmament."" "
"""The founders of New Hampshire came up with the motto Live Free or Die."" "
Facebook has unveiled new rules to stop their users from creating posts related in any way to religion. 
The Georgia Legislature’s last day of session ends at midnight. 
"U.S. Rep. Patrick Murphy has ""sided with the GOP on key votes twice as often as he sided with Democrats."" "
"""Suntrust Bank cancels account because company sells guns."" "
"Ted Cruz said, ""There is no place for gays or atheists in my America. None. Our Constitution makes that clear."" "
"""We have towns in West Texas that are out of water, that are having to truck in water."" "
"""Rand Paul supports Obama's negotiations with Iran."" "
"Under Barack Obama, ""the average cost of family health care premiums has increased by $4,154.""   "
"President Ronald Reagan ""had a month of job creation of 1 million.""   "
"""You know how many children in the history of the United States have died in a fire (at school)? Zero."" "
"Hillary Clinton will receive her ""congressional salary until she dies"" and the Secret Service pays her mortgage. "
"Virginia House Speaker Bill Howell is ""allied to group pushing MIXED SEX BATHROOMS in Stafford Schools."" "
"An April 7, 2015 referendum would take ""the choice of chief justice"" of the Wisconsin Supreme Court ""away from the people."" "
"Say Apple’s Tim Cook ""will not do business with Indiana."" "
"""White men account for 69 percent of those arrested for violent crimes.""   "
"By allowing brewpubs to sell beer, Georgia could become like Mexico with only a couple of manufacturers controlling all aspects of market.   "
"""Not a single unarmed white person has been shot by the police"" in New York in about 45 years. "
"""Today roughly half of born-again Christians aren’t voting. They’re staying home."" "
"""Since President Obama took office in January 2009, the federal government has issued more than 468,500 pages of regulations."" "
"""If you took every penny of the 1 percent, including their dog, you wouldn't even begin to balance the budget."" "
Ted Cruz just flip-flopped about the president needing to be U.S.-born. 
"Gov. Scott Walker ""has been rated America’s most factually-challenged politician.""   "
"Say Michelle Obama ""mandates"" weighing children in day care. "
"""EPA wants to regulate … the family BBQ."" "
"according to recent polls, no Republican candidate ""is doing better against Hillary Clinton than myself."" "
"Tampa Bay is ""leading the state in jobs creation."" "
"""Obama has been sending taxpayer dollars, at least $350,000 to fund anti-Likud, anti-Netanyahu groups in Israel for (the) election.""   "
"U.S. Rep. Patrick Murphy ""voted to allow members of Congress to receive taxpayer-funded health care for life."" "
"""Small businesses (are) going out of business in record numbers."" "
"Job growth in the United States is now at the ""fastest pace in this country's history."" "
"Recent solar energy policies in Georgia ""have resulted in rate hikes and did not result in solar becoming any more economically viable."" "
Creflo Dollar needed a $65 million Gulfstream G650 to carry thousands of pounds of food and other supplies -- as well as the Word of God -- worldwide.   
"Under New York Mayor Bill de Blasio, homicides are up by 20 percent, and subway delays have soared 45 percent. "
"""According to the state of Florida, you are almost twice as likely to be attacked by an alligator than by someone who happens to carry a conceal-and-carry permit."" "
"""More than 7,000 Americans lost their lives to climate change-fueled events last year."" "
" Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu ""didn't change his position"" on a two-state solution.     "
"""Many of the alarmists on global warming, they’ve got a problem because the science doesn’t back them up. In particular, satellite data demonstrate for the last 17 years, there’s been zero warming."" "
"""A few weeks ago Obama took Hamas and Iran OFF the terror list."" "
Beer drinking is not allowed in any Illinois state parks. 
" In 2007, when Nancy Pelosi met with President Assad of Syria, ""nobody got upset."" "
"""Jeb Bush has released 10 percent of his emails."" "
"Birth control pioneer Margaret Sanger was ""an active participant in the Ku Klux Klan."" "
"The delay in school testing ""was not that of a vendor, the problem was not that of the test materials itself, it was the product of a cyber attack."" "
"that ""Susan Rice, the president's national security adviser, has already conceded that Iran will have a robust uranium enrichment capability."" "
"There was ""just about zero press coverage"" of the 2007 Bush White House email controversy.   "
"""Ted Kennedy sent a letter to then Soviet leader Yuri Andropov apologizing for Ronald Reagan and begging the Soviets not to overreact.""   "
"""Here, we have Thanksgiving, we have Christmas, we have the 4th of July. Every year in Iran, they celebrate Death to America day."" "
"""We've seen the increase of alcohol use for underage kids even though alcohol has been illegal ... for kids under 21."" "
"A ""majority of our students are trapped in"" underperforming schools. "
"""I unsealed my records"" at Marquette University.  "
"Said former U.S. Ambassador to Kenya Scott Gration ""was forced to resign two years ago because of his personal use of emails.""   "
"Eliminating affirmative action in admissions in Florida led to ""more African American and Hispanic kids attending our university system"" than before. "
"""The Iranian parliament will get to say yes or no on this deal, and I think the United States Congress should have the exact same input into the process."" "
"Gov. Scott Walker’s proposed budget ""would sell off Wisconsin’s state parks."" "
"""Thomas Paine wrote that ‘the duty of a patriot is to protect his country from his government.’"" "
"U.S. military involvement in Libya ""allowed thousands of surface-to-air missiles to fall into the hands of radical Islamists."" "
"The University of Wisconsin System ""will be much more affordable than just about any other campus in America"" because ""going forward we have a cap on it tied to inflation."" "
"Every illegal immigrant ""can be eligible for up to $36,000 to $38,000 in earned income tax credits without paying a dime in."" "
" ""The State Department asked all secretaries of state to send their emails over."" Hillary Clinton's ""the only one who’s done it.""   "
"""The labor participation rate is at an all-time low."" "
"""The governor must inform the Senate president about his or her absence from the state."" "
"""There are at least three sectors of the border, one in particular, that are just completely insecure."" "
"Texas this fiscal year will ""have more money in reserve than the other 49 states combined."" "
"""A lot of people who go into prison straight, and when they come out they’re gay."" "
"Says ""President Obama is using executive actions to impose gun control on the nation, targeting the top-selling rifle in the country ... with a ban on one of the most-used"" assault rifle bullets.     "
"According to the CDC, ""110 million Americans now have a sexually transmitted illness."" "
"The measles vaccine has killed 108 people in the last decade, while no one has died of measles. "
"""Abortions account for 94 percent of the services provided for pregnant women by Planned Parenthood."" "
"Rhode Island has invested less in tourism, economic development and economic development personnel than four nearby states. "
Ninety-five percent of the money used for union-operated worker training centers comes from employers. 
"Debbie Wasserman Schultz ""voted repeatedly to send terminally ill patients to prison."" "
"Wisconsin Manufacturers & Commerce’s ""own 2014 survey revealed that just 15 percent of business executive respondents were in favor of Right-To-Work legislation."" "
"Sheila Jackson Lee of Texas said: ‘Hey, all you wrinkly, white-aged has-beens: It’s time for you to die and let the next generation have your spot on the planet.’ "
"""Students In Fla. High School Forced To Recite Islamic Prayer, Make Prayer Rugs."" "
"President Barack Obama said ""that American exceptionalism is no more exceptional than the exceptionalism of any other country."" "
"Rhode Island ""is one of the worst states"" for income equality. "
"""Nine hundred people have been fired since I became secretary (of Veterans Affairs). We’ve got 60 people that we fired who have manipulated wait times."" "
"Say George Washington said that ""when government takes away citizens’ right to bear arms it becomes citizens’ duty to take away government’s right to govern."" "
"""There is a very identifiable Somali community"" back home in Delaware. "
"The current debate over authorizing military action against the Islamic State ""would be the first time Congress would place limits on the commander-in-chief's ability to be commander-in-chief."" "
"ISIS is ""now the predominant Islamist group in Benghazi."" "
"Florida students take ""an array of standardized high stakes tests which eat up as much as 45 school days per year."" "
"Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor has an ""immigrant family background."" "
award-winning Milwaukee Public Schools teacher Megan Sampson was laid off because Gov. Scott Walker cut state aid to education. 
The minimum wage has risen $2.35 in the last two years. That's 31 percent. 
"On climate change, ""the temperature readings have been fabricated, and it's all blowing up in their (scientists') faces."" "
"""A married couple that"" use the same last name ""is rarer and rarer in our country."" "
"""Obama has chosen to deny the vicious anti-Semitic motivation of the attack on a kosher Jewish grocery in Paris."" "
"""When I came into office, our vaccination rate in Texas was 65 percent. When I left two weeks ago, it was 95 percent."" "
"A Texas law ""that you can’t shoot bears out of the second floor of a window."" "
"""Over 200 years ago, the United States had declared war on Islam, and Thomas Jefferson led the charge!"" "
" Mercury is used in vaccines, and there is no safe level of mercury.   "
"""92 million Americans aren't working."" "
"One Texas city ""has a law that that women can only have six dildos."" "
"""Sheriffs Call For Obama’s Lynching While Leader Meets With GOP Senators"" "
"""There haven't been tax cuts for the rich"" in Rhode Island. "
"Fundamental changes made to the language describing the Wisconsin Idea in the University of Wisconsin System's mission statement were the result of a ""drafting error."" "
"The children coming across the southern U.S. border ""were never examined after they got here and quarantined if they had a disease. They were just sent out across the country. Many of them had measles ... We now have an outbreak of it all because of our immigration policy."" "
"""Every year in the United States between 3,000 and 4,500 severe vaccine reactions are reported to the Centers for Disease Control. Not mild reactions. Severe reactions that land somebody in the hospital, the intensive care unit or cause a permanent disability or death."" "
"The streetcar project proposed for downtown Milwaukee ""would actually take precious revenue away"" from the Milwaukee Public Schools. "
"""The reason we even have colleges is that at some point there were politicians who said, ‘You know what? We should start colleges.’ "" "
"""Did you know under President Obama family health care premiums have increased $4,154 on the average?"" "
"""Common welfare programs give income of $43,330 or $20.83 an hour."" "
"Marco Rubio ""was for immigration reform and a pathway to citizenship before he was against it."" "
"The Super Bowl has ""one of the highest levels of human sex trafficking activity of any event in the country."" "
There were more people on welfare than working in 2013. 
"""It will cost $50,000 per enrollee in Obamacare over the next 10 years.""   "
"""Documents released from the Soviet Union"" show ""the Soviet Union started treating"" President Ronald Reagan more seriously after Reagan fired the air traffic controllers. "
"he ""balanced the budget without raising taxes."" "
"The U.S. unemployment rate has ""been massaged, it’s been doctored."" "
"On assault weapon violence: ""Ducks have more protection than people in Virginia."" "
"""You cannot build a little guy up by tearing a big guy down -- Abraham Lincoln said it.""   "
"The Texas leg of the Keystone pipeline ""has already created 4,800 jobs in just the year it's been up and running."" "
"""The auto companies have now repaid taxpayers every dime and more of what my administration invested in."" "
"President Barack Obama is ""not paying women equally by his own measures in his own White House."" "
"Nikita Khrushchev brought an extra shoe to a United Nations session in 1960, which he banged on the desk in protest. "
"President Barack Obama’s policies ""have resulted in gas prices being reduced from $3.07 per gallon when he was sworn in in 2009 to $2.30 today."" "
"""Over half the people on disability are either anxious or their back hurts."" "
"Polls on legalizing same-sex marriage ""are not dramatically changing."" "
"""About 30 percent"" of those released from Guantanamo ""have re-entered the fight."" "
"Says. Rep. Joe Barton, R-Texas, once said, ""Wind is a finite resource and harnessing it would slow the winds down, which would cause the temperature to go up."" "
"""There are actual cities"" like Birmingham, England, ""that are totally Muslim where non-Muslims just simply don’t go in."" "
"The Obama administration ""supported Muslim allies trying to establish a new international blasphemy standard."" "
"""If people work and make more money, they lose more in benefits than they would earn in salary."" "
"""In 1913, it was legal to mail children."" "
"""The name Frank has risen in popularity by 20 percent"" since the debut of 'House of Cards' on Netflix. "
"""Keystone means unlocking the Canadian tar sands."" "
"The cheerleaders for the Dallas Cowboys have ""entertained more troops in the world than Bob Hope."" "
"""When Disney was looking to build Disney World, they came to Miami and we told Disney to take a hike."" "
"The Milwaukee Bucks are ""actually younger than the Marquette team."" "
"""The difference over the (previous) four years between where things were headed and where we brought them to over the last four years is a total of $816 in saved property tax money."" "
"""Estimates say individuals who escaped these high tax states have taken with them around $2 trillion in adjusted gross income."" "
"A recent economic uptick appears to ""coincide"" with ""the expectation of a new Republican Congress."" "
"President Barack Obama has said ""that everybody should hate the police."" "
"""There have even been Republican congressmen who have said, ‘If you give us more money we don't know where we would even put additional Border Patrol agents.’ "" "
"President Barack Obama has ""not proposed one thing that would change"" the fact that Warren Buffett pays a lower tax rate than his secretary. "
"""Newly Elected Republican Senators Sign Pledge to Eliminate Food Stamp Program in 2015."" "
"""Fox News airs Stuart Scott R.I.P. tribute with picture of Stephen A. Smith."" "
"President Barack Obama got ""a pass"" over controversal remarks by Rev. Jeremiah Wright, while a 12-year-old speech by House Majority Whip Steve Scalise has blown up into a national story. "
"New tax increases that went into effect on Jan. 1, 2015, ""all passed under the Affordable Care Act, aka Obamacare."" "
"Regarding sexual assault against women, ""It’s actually safer not to be in college than it is to be in college."" "
"Exposure to the electromagnetic fields from power lines ""has been associated with childhood leukemia and other diseases."" "
"""We've caught Iran cheating on the interim (nuclear) deal."" "
"Georgia has had 12 school shootings in the two years since the mass killing at Sandy Hook Elementary School, more than any other state. "
"""Congress is a very special group of people. More than 80 percent of them never left the United States."" "
"Texas House Speaker Joe Straus said, ‘I do not care if Wallace Hall swings from a tree.’ "
"The wealth gap between blacks and whites in the United States is ""greater than the black-white wealth gap was in apartheid South Africa."" "
"The United States has ""more of our people in prison than Russia, China, and North Korea combined."" "
"""Nobody suffered any lasting injuries"" from the CIA interrogation program. "
"Saddam Hussein ""had a 10-year relationship with al-Qaida."" "
"Terrorist detainees ""were not covered by the Geneva Convention. They were unlawful combatants. And under those circumstances, they were not entitled to the normal kinds of courtesies and treatment."" "
"""According to HUD, it is patently unfair and socially unjust that wealthy people can live in an exclusive neighborhood."" "
"""A single parent with a couple kids can easily get $35,000 a year"" in public assistance in Wisconsin.  "
"""The city of San Antonio reuses almost 40 percent of its water. You know how much the city of Austin reuses? About 5 percent. And that's not right. We can do better."" "
"""There is no good data showing secondhand smoke kills people."" "
"""The pass rate for a high school level test to join the military"" is 35 to 40 percent. "
"""When (Barack Obama) took office, 2.3 million people were out of work. Five-plus years later, we have 5 million-plus out of work."" "
"""Fluoride in the water, that was originally done by the Nazis!"" "
"Female students at UVA ""have a 20 percent chance of being sexually assaulted."" "
"""We've had the lowest health care inflation in history because of Obamacare.""   "
"a man in Ferguson, Mo., was photographed holding a sign that said, ""No mother should have to fear for her son's life every time he robs a store."" "
"""In 2012, 123 African-Americans were shot dead by police. ... Same year, 326 whites were killed by police."" "
"""794 law enforcement officers have fallen in the line of duty since B.H. Obama took office, with no special recognition from the White House."" "
"Immigrants ""have captured all of the nearly 9 million jobs created since 2000."" "
"""The U.S. Constitution owes its notion of democracy to the Iroquois Tribes."" "
"Austin is ""burdened by the fastest-growing tax increases of any major city in the nation."" "
"""The conviction rate is almost exactly the same"" for whites and blacks who commit murder. "
"A sign in Dearborn, Mich., for the Advancement of Islamic Agenda for America says, ""Allah be praised. America we will kill you all and nothing you can do to stop it."" "
"In ""the past four or five"" presidential elections, ""people who poll high at the beginning are not the people who end up being the nominees."" "
"""In Rhode Island, a recent study showed that among a group of people who had been homeless for a year or more, Medicaid costs averaged about $60,000 per person."" "
"In rural Virginia, ""Sen. Warner ran 8-10 points ahead of a traditional Democrat -- ahead of Senator Kaine, ahead of Governor McAuliffe."" "
"In the 2014 elections, ""the American people overwhelmingly said we don't want Obamacare … and we don't want amnesty."" "
"""My position hasn’t changed"" on using executive authority to address immigration issues. "
"Keystone XL allows ""Canada to pump their oil, send it through our land, down to the Gulf, where it will be sold everywhere else."" "
"Austin mayoral candidate Steve Adler has ""never been active in anything that has to do with City Hall."" "
The majority of revenue generated by a proposed Kenosha casino would be sent to the Seminole tribe in Florida. 
"he has ""never received any contributions from the Koch brothers."" "
"""The Kochs stand to make around $100 billion if the government approves the Keystone XL pipeline."" "
"Jonathan Gruber was ""some adviser who never worked on our staff."" "
"The climate-change agreement between the United States and China ""requires the Chinese to do nothing at all for 16 years."" "
"""4.7 million people have lost their insurance in 32 states"" due to Obamacare. "
"""Congress Approves Bill Offering Free Cars To Welfare Recipients."" "
"""China has made enormous progress in its human rights. That is a fact recognized by all the people in the world."" "
"The State Department the 42,000 jobs created by the Keystone XL pipeline are ""ongoing, enduring jobs."" "
"""I don't know who (Jonathan Gruber) is."" "
"""It is senior citizens, not Hispanics, who are the fastest-growing demographic in this country.""   "
"""There would be tens of thousands of jobs created"" if President Barack Obama approved the Keystone XL pipeline. "
"""According to recent reports, a group of death panels organized under Obamacare ordered their first execution."" "
"Loretta Lynch, the new nominee for attorney general, ""was a member of Bill Clinton's defense team during the 1992 Whitewater corruption probe."" "
"The proposed mine in northern Wisconsin would be built without any government oversight, and will be nine miles long. "
"""One-hundred times as many people worked their way from poverty into the American middle class"" during his presidency compared to Ronald Reagan's presidency.    "
"""1/3 of our kids drop out (of high school), cannot go to college or start a career."" "
"""Over 214,000 doctors opt out of Obamacare exchanges."" "
"""Families in Del Valle, who are City of Austin residents, have to drive to Bastrop to go to the closest grocery store."" "
"""Every time we've increased the minimum wage, we've seen a growth in jobs."" "
"""We’re above 800 million Muslims radicalized, more than half the Muslims on Earth That’s not a minority. That’s now a majority."" "
"""Jeanne Shaheen was principally involved in a plot with Lois Lerner and President Barack Obama’s political appointee at the IRS to lead a program of harassment against conservative nonprofit groups during the 2012 election"" "
"""More people are losing their insurance (due to Obamacare) than are becoming newly insured."" "
"""25,000 businesses have been created since (Scott) Walker took office."" "
"Dave Brat said ""the best way to fix Social Security would be to give seniors back what they paid in and no more."" "
"""In K-12 education, our kids are scoring at the bottom of science and mathematics right now in the industrialized world -- at the bottom."" "
"Attorney general candidate Brad Schimel ""is in cahoots with Wisconsin Right to Life to make abortion a crime in Wisconsin.""   "
"As a result of Obamacare, ""California seniors face benefit cuts of over $1,700."" "
"Gina Raimondo ""paid 70 million in taxpayer dollars to millionaire hedge fund managers."" "
"Republicans are ""trying to impeach our president."" "
"""Women and men both are making less when you adjust for inflation than when"" John Kitzhaber was first elected governor. "
"A new Colorado law ""literally allows residents to print ballots from their home computers, then encourages them to turn ballots over to ‘collectors.’ "" "
"The ""stand your ground"" law caused the shooting death of Trayvon Martin. "
"""If Cory Gardner gets his way, you'd better stock up on condoms."" "
"""I fought 38 Studios from the beginning."" "
"Leticia Van de Putte ""voted to stop schools from removing teachers convicted of a felony."" "
"Sen. Elizabeth Warren ""lives in a $5.4 million mansion."" "
"""Scott Walker opposed a plan to help Wisconsin students refinance their student loans.""  "
"Jeanne Shaheen ""voted to pave the way for a new national energy tax."" "
"""We have spent $350 million to deal with sea-level rise"" in the Miami area and ""hundreds of millions of dollars to deal with coral reefs."" "
"Seth Magaziner ""plans to spend billions more of your money."" "
"""Rick Scott vetoed funding for 30 Florida rape crisis centers. Scott said the centers weren’t needed."" "
"Suicide comes from federal government largesse ""saying you are not worth anything but you are going to get something for nothing."" "
"Charlie Crist wants felons who ""commit a heinous crime"" such as ""intentional permanent disfigurement of a child, you walk out of jail, you immediately get to vote."" "
"Ebola is ""incredibly contagious,"" ""very transmissible"" and ""easy to catch."" "
"""My opponent supported policies that increased tuition by 18 percent."" "
Georgia has elected more African-American leaders than any other state in the country.   
"Says Rand Paul ""has put out budgets to cut the military in half.""   "
"Thomas Eric Duncan came into the United States ""with an elevated temperature."" "
"Four members of the Rhode Island General Assembly ""went to vote in 2010 and were told they had already voted."" "
"Rep. Carol Shea-Porter ""votes with Nancy Pelosi’s Democrats 95 percent of the time,"" but Frank Guinta ""will take on both parties"" and has ""independent New Hampshire values."" "
property insurance rates are going up because Rick Scott signed a bill preventing the state from regulating insurance. 
"""Obama, instead of nominating a health professional, he nominated someone who is an anti-gun activist (for surgeon general)."" "
"""U.S. troops are getting only 4 hours of Ebola training before deployment to Liberia."" "
"Six convictions are connected to an allegation by prosecutors ""that Gov. Scott Walker is at the center of a criminal scheme."" "
Photos prove the Denver light rail system has low ridership. 
"The projected $1.8 billion state budget shortfall for 2015-’17 ""actually comes from an assumption based on zero growth. That just doesn’t happen."" "
"None of $400 million the City of Austin proposes to spend on road projects ""will be used to add new lanes to congested roadways."" "
Charlie Crist could have expanded Medicaid after the health care law passed but didn't. 
"""The next state budget will begin with a surplus of over half a billion dollars -- $535 million to be exact."" "
"high-speed rail would have created 60,000 jobs. "
"The Affordable Care Act that ""at age 76 when you most need it most, you are not eligible for cancer treatment. …  Cancer hospital will ration care according to the patient's age."" "
"""While (Charlie Crist) was governor, utility costs went up 30 percent and went from below the national average to above the national average. Since I got elected, utility rates have come down 11 percent and now we are below the average."" "
"Blocking travel from countries with Ebola should be possible because President Barack Obama ""has sealed off Israel in the past."" "
"""This year,"" the Austin City Council ""granted a small homestead"" property tax ""exemption of $5,000... applied equally to everyone. And we also granted an exemption for the elderly and the disabled members of the community."" "
"The CDC is ""spending money on things like jazzercise, urban gardening and massage therapy"" that could be redirected to Ebola. "
"""Jason Carter’s plan: increase spending by $12.5 billion."" "
"""This (Ebola) is not as bad as SARS was in 2003."" "
"Some doctors say Ebola can be transmitted through the air by ""a sneeze or some cough."" "
"""Prayer rugs have recently been found on the Texas side of the border in the brush."" "
"""Elorza wants to teach our public school children about the ‘non-existence of God.’"" "
"""In 2013,"" Dan Patrick voted ""against funding to test the backlog of rape kits, allowing rapists to walk free."" "
"Under Scott Walker’s policies, ""the typical Wisconsin family has actually seen their real income drop by nearly $3,000 in the last four years."" "
"""All four on Mount Rushmore, they were all independents at one critical point in their career."" "
"Charlie Crist ""voted against minimum wage when he was in the Senate."" "
"""2014 Federal Tax Refunds To Be Delayed Until October 2015."" "
"Under my platform, ""I will make no changes to the current (Medicare) system for current retirees and anyone approaching retirement."" "
"Republicans ""made it easier to buy a gun"" in states they won in 2010. "
"""Under the administration of Gov. Scott Walker, northern Wisconsin’s mining economy is moving forward and more people are getting good, high-paying jobs."" "
"""3,000 teachers lost their jobs when (Crist) was governor."" "
"""Iowa has the fourth fastest-growing personal income in the United States, while nationally, the real wage has decreased over the past eight years that Congressman (Bruce) Braley has been there by 2.7 percent."" "
"""As district attorney, Susan Happ took $180,000"" in a ""shady"" land deal ""from a man charged with multiple felony counts of sexual assault before she offered him a deferred prosecution."" "
Four million women have fallen into poverty in the last six years.   
"President Barack Obama’s recent New York fundraising trip ""cost between $25 million and $50 million."" "
The U.S. Supreme Court struck down Wisconsin's photo ID election law 
The United States was not one of 16 countries where David Perdue said in his Pillowtex deposition that he created jobs. 
"Charlie Crist ""is embroiled in a fraud case for steering taxpayer money to a de facto Ponzi scheme."" "
"""We were told there would never be a case of Ebola in the United States."" "
"""We know from the social science that children do best with a mom and a dad."" "
"""The unemployment rate for young people is down from a 10.6 percent high in 2009 to 2.6 percent today."" "
"""Every 28 hours"" an unarmed black person is shot by a cop. "
"In the 38 Studios deal, ""Wall Street investors took a risk, and went bust."" "
"""At least 10 ISIS fighters have been caught coming across the Mexican border in Texas"" and there are ""dozens more that did not get caught by the Border Patrol."" "
Scott Brown co-sponsored legislation to let employers deny women coverage for mammograms. 
Michelle Nunn ranks agriculture issues as the 18th most important items facing Georgia. 
"""20,000 Kansans lost their health insurance because of (Obamacare)."" "
"Milwaukee police and firefighters ""are routinely getting 4 percent raises annually while everybody else is either getting zero or one percent raises.""   "
"""In the last year, Wisconsin ranked third in Midwest job growth."" "
"""According to a government supplier of emergency products, the Disaster Assistance Response Team was told to be prepared to be activated in the month of October for an outbreak of Ebola."" "
"""The only candidate pocketing big money from people who want to destroy coal is Mitch McConnell."" "
"U.S. Rep. Steve Southerland ""voted himself health care for life."" "
Job creation has gotten worse each year that Scott Walker has been governor. 
"By voting for Obamacare, Sen. Kay Hagan ""voted to kill the equivalent of 2.5 million jobs."" "
"The Islamic State is so small it ""couldn't fill a Double A ballpark in Charleston, W. Va."" "
"Michelle Nunn is ""for amnesty."" "
"""We have four combat-ready brigades out of 40 in the U.S. Army."" "
"""The last time there was a sustained surge of confidence in government's competence was under Ronald Reagan.""   "
"""I’ve been involved in prosecuting a terrorist member of ISIS."" "
"Judithanne McLauchlan ""was part of a group that supports imposing a state income tax on Floridians."" "
"New jobs numbers are in, and Wisconsin has ""fallen to dead last in Midwest job growth."" "
"Mary ""Burke’s record: 130,000 fewer jobs."" "
"President Barack Obama ""ordered our military to enlist illegal aliens."" "
"Data on violent crime shows Wisconsin ""has become less safe than it was when Scott Walker took office.""  "
"Leticia Van de Putte ""voted to give illegal immigrants in this country free health care--not emergency health care but total free health care."" "
"Bruce Braley ""threatened to sue a neighbor over chickens that came onto (his) property."" "
"The state-hired company that evaluates state-mandated student exams ""goes on Craigslist to get examiners to read our students’ essays."" "
"David Perdue ""opposes laws that provide equal pay protections for women.""   "
"""I recently had the opportunity to vote to give the president limited authority to begin strikes against terrorists in Iraq and Syria."" "
"The non-profit group Feeding America is lying when it claims ""that one in five kids is fighting starvation daily"" in the United States.     "
"""Mary Landrieu voted to take away your gun rights."" "
"After the 2012 redistricting, Wisconsin has competitive congressional districts. "
"""We have a goal of 10 percent of [City of Providence] contracts going to women and minority businesses. In reality, less than 1 percent of contracts go to women and minority businesses."" "
"Gwen Graham ""was a Washington lobbyist."" "
"A 2011 measure passed into law with Wendy Davis’ support ""removes from the attorney general the ability to settle lawsuits just like"" the school funding case. "
"""94 percent of those that are employed by the Department of Education at the federal level were deemed by the department as nonessential employees."" "
"The Justice Department’s Fast and Furious gun-walking program ""started in the Bush administration."" "
"Scott Walker was elected governor on a promise not to take campaign contributions ""from the date of his inauguration until the signing of the state budget,"" but broke it by taking nearly $5.6 million.   "
Health insurance costs for Floridians are up 30 percent or more. 
"This Congress ""adjourned earliest of any time in congressional history before an election."" "
"""In 2001 and '02 . . . we had the pension system funded at (the) 100% level in that year, and we did for two years at that point."" "
"Mark Warner told PolitiFact National's ""Lie of the Year"" in 2013. "
"""Michelle Nunn’s own plan she funded organizations linked to terrorists."" "
"""Sen. Mark Begich cast the deciding vote in favor of President Obama’s authority to issue executive amnesty to illegal aliens."" "
"President Barack Obama attacked potential terrorist targets in Syria in the middle of the night ""to minimize terrorist casualties."" "
"""Greg Abbott and his surrogates have referred to women who have been the victims of rape or incest as though somehow what they are confronting is a minor issue."" "
Mary Landrieu voted to fund benefits for illegal immigrants ahead of veterans. 
"""Not even old Gen. Eisenhower … saluted military personnel"" as president. "
"Congress includes 36 people accused of spousal abuse, 84 arrested for drunk driving in the past year, 71 with terrible credit and more. "
"Social Security and Medicare are ""a Ponzi scheme."" "
"""In 2011, (the Islamic State) attempted to attack Fort Knox."" "
"Was Martha Kanter ""dispatched to Corvallis with $17 million in stimulus money"" to save Craig Robinson’s job? "
"President Barack Obama is ""sending a much larger (force) "" to deal with Ebola ""than ISIS is getting.""   "
"Rick Scott cut education by over a billion dollars, meaning thousands of teachers ""lost their jobs"" and ""class sizes went up."" "
"""I've been here almost every day."" "
"A Scott Rothstein victim that he was ""swindled"" by Charlie Crist. "
"""To deprive"" underprivileged children ""of a meat-based protein during school lunch is most likely depriving them of their only source of protein for the day."" "
"Says ""President Obama hijacked the farm bill (and) turned it into a food stamp bill."" "
"""Our men and women of the Guard have been forced to contact food banks to feed themselves."" "
"Tom Steyer is a ""California billionaire who stands to profit by blocking Keystone"" and ""is spending big to help"" Bruce Braley.   "
"Scott Walker's jobs agency gives financial incentives that lead ""Wisconsin companies to look at shipping jobs elsewhere. ... A company got $4.6 million in taxpayer money and actually reduced its jobs by 300 people.""   "
"Michelle Nunn ""spent most of her childhood"" in Perry, Ga. "
"""Super Bowl Sunday has the highest rate of domestic violence."" "
"""Three of five detainees swapped (for Bowe Bergdahl) are now ISIS leaders."" "
"Recently Rick Scott ""closed 30 women’s health care centers across the state."" "
"""It is true that we know that ISIS is present in Ciudad Juarez (Mexico)"" "
"U.S. House candidate Carlos Curbelo ""supported raising flood insurance rates."" "
"Greg Abbott did ""nothing"" to pursue reports of the sexual abuse of boys at a West Texas state-run school. "
"""You have 200,000 to 400,000 military veterans on the street in this country on any given day."" "
"Dick Cheney ""de-Ba’athisized the Iraqi government and created ISIS."" "
"""As chair of the Senate Education Committee, I led the charge to restore most of the education cuts from last session."" "
"""John Barrow voted with Obama 85 percent of the time."" "
"Gina Raimondo's ""venture capital firm secured a secret no-bid contract funded by taxpayers."" "
"Mitch McConnell voted ""three times for corporate tax breaks that send Kentucky jobs overseas."" "
"""I sponsored the new Buy American law"" "
"In Texas public schools, ""we spend an average of $12,000 per pupil per year."" "
"Jorge Elorza ""wants to impose a municipal income tax."" "
"A flight from Atlanta to Houston was canceled due to a ""terrorist dry run.""   "
"""There were fewer civilian casualties in Cambodia than there have been from American drone attacks."" "
"""Over the next two years, this $1.8 billion deficit will cost individual Wisconsinites $300 each, or $1,200 for families of four."" "
"""Fox admits they lie"" and, under the First Amendment, ""have the right to lie or deliberately distort news reports on public airwaves.""   "
"cuts to Medicare affect people who have already ""paid in. We paid for it."" "
"U.S. House candidate Carlos Curbelo ""supported ending the Medicare guarantee."" "
"The United States has ""the most number of deductions available to corporations"" for the corporate income tax. "
"Oregon ""is the most trade-dependent state in the nation"" "
"on contraception, his plan is ""cheaper and easier for you"" than Sen. Mark Udall’s "
"""Obama admin gutted @ProjChildSafe budget to provide trigger locks and safety kits."" "
"Obamacare ""cuts seniors’ Medicare."" "
"his comment about extremists being a JV team ""wasn’t specifically referring to"" Islamic State. "
"ISIS is ""right now crucifying Christians in Iraq, literally nailing Christians to trees."" "
"Mark Pryor voted ""to give Social Security benefits to illegal immigrants."" "
"""McDonald’s hamburgers are only 15 percent ‘real beef.’ The other 85 percent is meat filler cleansed with ammonia, which causes stomach and intestinal cancer."" "
"Dan Sullivan approved a ""light sentence"" for a sex offender who got out of prison and is now charged with a gruesome murder and sexual assault. "
"""Scott Walker gave Wisconsin job creation money to his cronies: corporate friends who contributed to his campaigns"" and got $570 million in job-development incentives "
"Thomas Jefferson said, ""That government is best which governs the least, because its people discipline themselves.""   "
"Sen. Jeanne Shaheen’s ""wealth has surged while in public office."" "
"""Over 73% of all donations raised (from the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge) are going to fundraising, overhead, executive salaries, and external donations."" "
"""If black America were a country, it’d be the 15th wealthiest nation in the world."" "
"Rick Scott has ""teamed up with a felon convicted of running a Ponzi scheme to smear Charlie Crist."" "
"Michigan U.S. Senate candidate Terri Lynn Land ""said guaranteeing equal pay for women who do the same job as men is not a good idea."" "
"The prosecutor who brought the indictment of Texas Gov. Rick Perry ""has ties to Obama. He has ties to the Democrats."" "
"""Scott Walker has given a $10,000 tax deduction to millionaires who send their kids to exclusive private schools."" "
"At ""least a quarter of those apprehended"" at the border ""have criminal records."" "
"On tax inversions, the Wall Street Journal ""surprisingly attacked this tax scheme."" "
"""Russia has more diversity in its governmental representation than we do in Texas."" "
"Under a proposed medical marijuana amendment in Florida, ""you don't get refills -- you get it forever."" "
"Says Tom Cotton ""voted against preparing America for pandemics like Ebola."" "
Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad chartered a plane to remove 124 young illegal immigrants from his state and take them back to Honduras. 
"Heroin and prescription opioids are ""the number one cause of accidental or preventable death in Wisconsin."" "
"Each Georgia taxpayer would have to send $5,000 to the treasury to cover the state’s debt. "
"""I was able to go and buy an automatic weapon … Most people can go out and buy an automatic weapon."" "
"Thom Tillis ""gives tax breaks to yacht and jet owners."" "
"""Over the last 40 years, real wage growth has been flatlined because of the policies of the Federal Reserve ... It was all driven by the Federal Reserve.""   "
"Points of Light is  ""the world’s largest volunteer organization."" "
"of Mitch McConnell, ""What can happen in 30 years? A senator can become a multi-millionaire in public office."" "
"""Nazi imagery [was used] by the Block for Governor campaign to describe supporters of Allan Fung for Governor."" "
"Congress is on ""vacation."" "
drug cartels are using social media to offer rebates so more children from Central America get smuggled to the United States. 
"Because of President Barack Obama’s failure to ""push job creation,"" the black unemployment rate in Ferguson, Mo., is three times higher than the white unemployment rate.   "
"Under Rosemary Lehmberg, the ""Travis County D.A.’s office"" convened the grand jury that indicted Rick Perry. "
"While ""Arkansas seniors depend on Social Security and Medicare,"" Sen. Mark Pryor supports an overhaul so they ""couldn’t get Social Security until they turn 68 or 69."" "
"When news broke that Ferguson 18-year-old Michael Brown was a suspect in a robbery, ""MSNBC practically went off the air for a while to have behind-closed-doors meetings to figure out how to deal with this new revelation."" "
"Obamacare ""prevents (Florida) from regulating insurance."" "
"""In six years, (U.S. Rep. Gary) Peters introduced zero bills that became law."" "
"Documents released by Edward Snowden reveal that American, British and Israeli intelligence agencies worked together to create the Islamic State.   "
Says David Perdue made tens of millions of dollars piling a firm with billions in debt. 
"Ted Cruz ""was just bribed by the Kochs to introduce a bill that would give them and their allies America’s national forests, parks, and other public lands and open them for mining, drilling, fracking and logging."" "
"Sen. Jack Reed ""cast the deciding vote in the Senate for the Affordable Care Act."" "
"Sen. Jeff Merkley ""voted six times for more debt."" "
"Charlie ""Crist made it easier for Duke to take your money."" "
"Marilinda Garcia supports ""$150 billion in new taxes."" "
"Congress is ""on a five-week vacation."" "
"""Far more children died last year drowning in their bathtubs than were killed accidentally by guns."" "
"the former president of the Czech Republic said the American people were a ""confederacy of fools"" for electing Barack Obama.  "
"The wife of the Ferguson, Mo., police chief said African-Americans in Ferguson ""are feral and violent.""   "
"""If 20 million illegals vote, you can kiss the Second Amendment goodbye."" "
"Gov. Kitzhaber oversaw creation of the Oregon driver card law ""behind closed doors without allowing any input from citizens who represent the public interest."" "
"he ""voted for even stronger protections (in the Violence Against Women Act) than Obama's agenda will allow."" "
"""Kids coming from an affluent background"" are ""taking advantage of all these student loan programs and grants"" while many middle-class families with no connection to college are picking up the tab. "
"""Having a baby is a leading cause of poverty spells in the United States."" "
George Soros and Bill Gates are funding a bioweapons lab in Sierra Leone that caused the Ebola outbreak. 
"Del. Ben Chafin ""took money away"" from Southwest Virginia schools while voting to build a ""politician's palace."" "
"""I've either balanced every budget or we turned back a surplus."" "
"Michelle Nunn’s ""foundation directed grants to an Islamic group tied to radical terrorists.""   "
"""So far, the war in Gaza has left more than 1,800 Palestinians dead -- the population equivalent to 100 9/11s.""   "
"""All Aboard Florida is a 100 percent private venture. There is no state money involved."" "
"""The music industry is the biggest export from Africa after oil and gas."" "
"""What (the Obama administration is) going to come out with in the next several months is you're not even going to be able to burn coal very limitedly in the existing plants."" "
"""The president's come out with rules that say, 'No new coal-fired power plants.' "" "
"""I haven’t really proposed (phasing out aid to Israel) in the past."" "
"Africa is spending ""the highest percentage of their GDP on education of any part of the world.""   "
"Austin mayoral candidate ""Mike Martinez takes corporate money."" "
"""The per-pupil cost in the [Blackstone Valley Prep] Mayoral Academy far outweighs the per-pupil cost in Cumberland public schools."" "
"""The leader of ISIS was imprisoned by American troops and ordered released to Iraq by Obama administration in 2009."" "
"President Barack Obama’s latest executive order ""mandates the apprehension and detention of Americans who merely show signs of ‘respiratory illness.’ "" "
"Women ""own just 1 percent of the world’s land."" "
"The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ""passed a rule giving the agency unprecedented power to shut down businesses, no matter what the reason, at any time it wishes."" "
"U.S. Senate candidate Joni Ernst signed a pledge that ""protects tax breaks for companies that ship jobs overseas."" "
"U.S. Rep. Ann McLane Kuster used $293,000 of taxpayer money to send campaign mail. "
"""So many people were critical of Secretary (John) Kerry going to Paris and talking with Hamas,"" because Kerry was seen as ""supporting Hamas to the exclusion of the Arab League."" "
"Ed Gillespie ""supports a personhood amendment."" "
"U.S. Senate candidate Cory Gardner ""blocked immigration reform"" and ""voted to deport our DREAMers."" "
"""Mitt Romney did not run his campaign on the basis of arguing his experience in the business world was a reason to vote for him."" "
"The United States is at ""historic record highs"" of individuals being apprehended on the border from countries with terrorist ties such as ""Pakistan or Afghanistan or Syria."" "
"a $12.5 million incentive deal she approved for Abbott Laboratories contained ""strong protections for taxpayers if job creation goals were not met."" "
"""This administration is slashing the Navy to pay for more Obamacare."" "
"""Global warming is a hoax."" "
"Rick Scott ""raised property taxes."" "
"Since 1999, 440 people have been killed in attacks on church property in the United States.   "
"Oregon’s ""three largest employers, and 13 of the top 25, are health care providers."" "
"""We did not seek an impeachment of President Bush."" "
"U.S. House candidate Carlos Curbelo ""opposes the repeal of Obamacare."" "
"""We would create thousands of jobs in Colorado, if the Keystone Pipeline were to be built."" "
"Because of the current immigration crisis, Republicans want to ""repeal"" a 2008 law that President George W. Bush signed and ""want to be on record as not wanting to protect children from ... sex trafficking.""     "
John Cornyn dodged the draft during the Vietnam War. 
"Mary Burke ""wasted 12.5 million dollars on a vacant lot"" in a move that ""could cost taxpayers nearly $25 million."" "
"Rep. Bruce Braley, D-Iowa, ""skipped an important VA reform hearing to attend three fundraisers."" "
"""I'm not a conspiracy theorist and I never allow conspiracy theorists on my program."" "
"""We know how to stop AIDS: persuade men not to have sex with men."" "
"""Perdue mismanaged Pillowtex, and nearly 8,000 people got laid off."" "
"Twenty percent of single adults, ages 21 to 25 with no kids, ""are not working or even in school trying to find a job.""   "
"""We’ve had about 3,000 murders"" in connection with lax border security. "
"Mark Pryor ""continues to insist"" that Obamacare is ""an amazing success."" "
"Milwaukee County taxpayers paid $370,000 to settle a lawsuit over a decision by Sheriff David A. Clarke Jr. to use ""untrained corrections officers"" rather than deputies to patrol the lakefront. "
"Jason Carter has ""gotten David Axelrod to come down and be his campaign advisor.""   "
"The state of New York is the ""worst in the nation in economic recovery."" "
"""We have a 40 to 50 percent dropout rate in our inner-city schools."" "
"""The fundraising numbers are in, and our grassroots support is unmatched!"" "
"""The increase in the garbage tax that [Mayor Allan Fung] imposed in Cranston for some people has been as much as $200."" "
"Governing magazine has ""estimated that in the states that don’t expand Medicaid, a minimum, they said of 40 percent of rural hospitals will close in those states..."" "
Common Core is a federal mandate. 
"Under President Ronald Reagan, illegal immigrants ""were not pouring in like"" they are now. "
"""With Rick Scott, there are more funds for preschool education."" "
"""There were 36 states where Republicans who were in charge refused to implement a state (health insurance) exchange."" "
"""Last year, I was involved with an effort to to help prosecutors get their first pay raise in more than 10 years."" "
"When the New Hampshire Legislature raised the gasoline tax, gas prices in the state were ""skyrocketing."" "
"More than 3,000 homicides were committed by ""illegal aliens"" over the past six years. "
"Obama’s 2012 policy on younger immigrants ""created these children coming across"" the border. "
"a new report shows the ""devastating tax hikes (in the health care law) will have on middle-class Kentuckians."" "
76 percent of doctors support the use of medical marijuana 
"Compared to President Obama, ""President Reagan rushed home from Santa Barbara vacation, from the Reagan ranch when the Korean jetliner was shot out of the air by the Russians."" "
"The number of jobs created and people lifted out of poverty during Bill Clinton’s presidency was ""a hundred times"" what it was under President Ronald Reagan. "
"former Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said that ""if the workers are more insecure, that's very healthy for the society"" because ""they'll serve the masters gladly and passively."" "
The Obama Administration is suing a Wisconsin company for forcing employees to speak English. 
"Obamacare ""already has caused millions of hardworking Virginians to lose their health insurance."" "
" In Oregon, 12,808 people were arrested for marijuana-related crimes in 2012. "
"Amid the ""crisis at our southern border,"" there are ""reports of illegal migrants carrying deadly diseases such as … Ebola virus."" "
"""For the first time in history, (Thor’s) hammer is being held by a woman."" "
"David Perdue ""has never voted in a Republican primary until his name was on the ballot."" "
"""Latinos now make up the majority population in Texas."" "
"""North Korea is telling its people that their men’s national team is in the World Cup final."" "
"Former President George W. Bush and former Vice President Dick Cheney are ""unable to visit Europe due to outstanding warrants."" "
"""We are accepting more legal immigrants than we ever have in the history (of the United States.)"" "
"attorney general candidate Jon Richards ""went so far to say he would only enforce the laws with which he personally agreed.""   "
"The Obama administration ""manipulated deportation data to make it appear that the Border Patrol was deporting more illegal immigrants than the Bush administration."" "
"U.S. Senate candidate Jack Kingston ""spent our tax dollars on thousands of wasteful earmarks."" "
"""74 percent of Republicans support the Affordable Care Act."" "
70 percent of Virginia’s Medicaid cost is for seniors in nursing homes. 
"Fox News is ""banned in Canada"" because it violates a law that ""prevents ‘news’ channels from lying to their viewers.""   "
"""nothing"" in Obama’s $3.7 billion request to address the child immigrant situation ""actually secures the border."" "
"""Although the governor doubled the beach fees . . . all the money, as we found out, is all going to an out-of-state company. The state isn't even getting the money for that."" "
"Children are crossing the border because President Barack Obama said ""if you come, you’re going to be able to stay, because we’re not going to enforce the law."" "
"On the last night of the General Assembly, ""by 11 o'clock 95 to 98 percent of the business was done. So we really didn't have that late-night session. We were just holding on one bill."" "
"The U.S. Supreme Court is ""five guys who start determining what contraceptions are legal."" "
"The 2011 Rebuild America Jobs Act ""would have cost the average American family $1,000 a year while making no significant impact to fix our infrastructure and roads."" "
"""I co-sponsored the Rebuild America Jobs Act"" for transportation and infrastructure. "
"""Without the financial resources provided by hunters to protect habitat and stop poachers, there would be no infrastructure for wildlife management."" "
"Says Congressman Jack Kingston voted to ""raise his pay seven times.""   "
"When undocumented children are picked up at the border and ""told to appear later in court ... 90 percent do not then show up."" "
"Mitch McConnell voted to raise Medicare costs for a current Kentucky senior by $6,000. "
"""Justice John Roberts Signed Off On Obama’s Arrest For Treason."" "
"An image of nine white, blond women shows ""the amazing diversity of Fox News anchors."" "
"""In the last three years alone, 13 times, the Supreme Court, unanimously, 9-0, including all of the president's liberal picks, have struck down the president's executive orders."" "
"The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office ""received zero complaints"" about the Washington Redskins name. "
"""Thanks to #ObamaCare, average E.R. wait in California is 5 hours."" "
"Hillary Clinton's health care plan from the 1990s ""had a broader provision in favor of corporate right to back out"" of providing contraceptive coverage than the one created by the Hobby Lobby Supreme Court decision. "
"""Justin Amash is rated Michigan’s No. 1 conservative"" by National Right to Life. "
"children are coming into the U.S. in ""staggering numbers"" because  President Barack Obama ""has been promising amnesty."" "
The Wisconsin unemployment rate was higher than the U.S. rate during only three months when Mary Burke was state commerce secretary. 
"""A salesclerk at Hobby Lobby who needs contraception … is not going to get that service through her employer’s health care plan because her employer doesn’t think she should be using contraception."" "
"""As Alaska’s attorney general, (U.S. Senate candidate Dan) Sullivan successfully fought to protect our Second Amendment rights and passed ‘stand your ground.’ "" "
he lived in a colonia while working as a farm worker. 
"""He’s been in office nearly four years now, but 40% of Wisconsinites don't know who (U.S. Sen.) Ron Johnson is."" "
"""Gov. Deal has the worst record on education in the history of this state."" "
"""The platform of the Republican Party deport everybody and to hell with it."" "
"""Obama regime planned the influx of illegal alien children at the border."" "
U.S. Senate candidate David Perdue’s company took $3 million from the federal stimulus program that President Barack Obama created. 
"The ""9-0 decision last week was the 13th time the Supreme Court voted 9-0 that the president had exceeded his constitutional authority."" "
"When asked by a reporter whether he’s at the center of a ""criminal scheme"" to violate campaign laws, Gov. Scott Walker nodded yes. "
An average of nine children a day in the U.S. die of gunshot wounds. 
"Charlie Crist signed ""the nation’s harshest marijuana laws."" "
"""The government -- not the armed forces -- is stockpiling hundreds of millions of rounds of ammunition for domestic use."" "
"""Wendy Davis’ legal work is currently under FBI investigation."" "
"""The nearly six-year delay in approving Keystone is costing Americans more than 100,000 jobs."" "
"""Under Governor Crist, 3,000 teachers laid off."" "
"""When Jim Doyle was governor and Mary Burke was commerce secretary,"" Wisconsin saw ""billions in middle-class tax hikes on nursing home beds, gas, phones and garbage.""   "
"""NASA scientists fudged the numbers to make 1998 the hottest year to overstate the extent of global warming."" "
"Barack Obama is the ""first president to appoint 45 czars to replace elected officials in his office."" "
"President Barack Obama said when ""we got bin Laden, terrorism problem solved."" "
"Barack Obama said that ""ordinary men and women are too small-minded to govern their own affairs"" and that individuals should ""surrender their rights to an all-powerful sovereign."" "
"The proposed Gogebic iron ore mine is ""just up the hill"" from the Apostle Islands National Lakeshore caves along Lake Superior.   "
"Mark Warner’s ""record is one of acting against"" the Keystone XL pipeline. "
"of flood of non-Mexicans being apprehended at the border: ""These are people that are coming from states like Syria that have substantial connections back to terrorist regimes and terrorist operations."" "
"The Senate proposal to restore emergency unemployment benefits for five months was ""fully paid for."" "
"the secret John Doe criminal investigation of his campaign has been ""resolved"" and two judges have said it is ""over."" "
"The U.N. Arms Treaty ""infringes upon our right to keep and bear arms."" "
"""The average age of the minimum wage worker is 35 years old."" "
"""Even when all other state agencies took cuts, Gov. [Nathan] Deal increased education spending every year.""     "
11 soccer players on the U.S. Men’s National Team are immigrants. 
"ISIS leader Abu Bakr al Baghdadi was ""released by Obama in 2009."" "
"The decision to cancel the trademark of the Washington Redskins ""is not the Patent and Trademark Office. This is Barack Obama."" "
"""$3 billion over the next five years will be taken out of our public schools and be put into vouchers.""   "
"Sens. Mark Warner and Tim Kaine voted ""to let the U.N. take OUR guns."" "
"President Barack Obama ""is the first president to keep a dog-trainer on retainer for $102,000 a year at taxpayer expense."" "
"Barack Obama is the ""first president to file lawsuits against the states he swore an oath to protect."" "
"Jeanne Shaheen ""voted for a measure that would have amounted to a new national energy tax."" "
"""Gun homicide is down 49 percent in the past 12 years."" "
"a picture he posted on Facebook of a man posing in front of five decapitated human heads is ""one of the subhuman mongrels our president set free."" "
"""Only after news broke that our veterans are dying because of inadequate health care did Harry Reid and Senate Democrats take action."" "
"""Congressman Duffy has long record of voting against VA backlog fixes.""   "
"Under Gov. Scott Walker, ""employer confidence now stands at 95 percent,"" compared to ""only 10 percent"" at the end of the ""Gov. Jim Doyle-Mary Burke administration.""   "
"There have been 74 ""school shootings in America since Sandy Hook."" "
"Americans ""invented the automobile."" "
"""Already in Wisconsin we have seen fewer people pursuing education as a career"" due to the Act 10 collective bargaining law. "
Jason Carter supports using Georgia tax dollars to promote Obamacare     
"""We came out of the White House not only dead broke, but in debt."" "
"Judging by a recent vote, Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz ""thinks it's okay for medical marijuana patients to go to federal prison."" "
"""Obama Signs Bill Forgiving All Student Loan Debt."" "
"The Chamber of Commerce new carbon regulations will kill ""244,000 jobs a year"" and cost average families ""$1,200 a year.""   "
"""Only one out of 10 minimum wage workers today are teen age or a young person."" "
"Ken ""Block supports Obamacare."" "
"U.S. Reps. Eric Cantor and Luis Gutierrez were ""touring the country last year … joined at the hip, working together in a bipartisan fashion indeed for the goal of immigration reform."" "
"when armed civilians stop mass shootings with guns, an average of 2.5 people die; otherwise, an average of 18 people die. "
"""Congresswoman Ros-Lehtinen has long record of voting against VA backlog fixes."" "
"""The Pentagon made up"" the since-debunked heroics of POW Jessica Lynch as she tried to avoid capture in Iraq.   "
"Due to actions by President Barack Obama, ""the Burger King national headquarters announced this month that they will be pulling their franchises from our military bases."" "
"Says Michele Bachmann said on Fox News, ""This country could use a president like Benjamin Franklin again."" "
"Medicare is ""going broke. The trust fund goes bankrupt in 2026."" "
"Hillary Clinton ""laid the groundwork"" for getting chemical weapons out of Syria. "
"Redskins is ""used historically"" as ""a term of respect."" "
"New carbon regulations will increase electric bills by ""$17 billion every year"" and ""potentially put an average of 224,000 more people out of work every year."" "
"""Qataris don't really work."" "
"Eric Cantor ""voted to fully fund Obamacare in October."" "
he never wanted to raise the debt ceiling. 
"Gov. Scott Walker ""has made Wisconsin 2nd in the nation in losing jobs."" "
"Barack Obama broke a decades-old policy of ""not negotiating with terrorists.""   "
"""Milwaukee has the second-highest"" number of children recovered from sex trafficking.   "
"a ""liberal"" immigration reform group endorsed his GOP primary opponent, Dave Brat. "
Barack Obama is the only American president who has not visited the D-Day Monument in Normandy on D-Day. 
"Walmart employees receive ""roughly $5,800"" in public assistance per year. "
"Peter Kilmartin voted for the 38 Studios loan guarantee and his State House job was to ""twist [legislator’s] arms to vote for deals like this."" "
"""Solar panels drain the sun’s energy."" "
"opponent Mary Burke told reporters she would have ""required workers to give up bargained-for healthcare and retirement benefits like Gov. Walker."" "
"Senate immigration legislation is the ""Obama-Reid plan to give illegal immigrants amnesty."" "
"Obamacare is ""one big fat VA system."" "
"From 2000 to 2008, we averaged ""about five mass shootings a year. We're now averaging 15. So that's a three-fold increase."" "
"""As unbelievable as it sounds, your tax dollars are funding the federal government's Zombie Apocalypse Plan. I kid you not."" "
"""For every one job created under the Obama administration, 75 people went on food stamps."" "
"Surface temperatures on Earth ""have stabilized."" "
"I turned ""a $110 million deficit into a $1.6 million surplus for our city."" "
"The Obama administration spent ""$205,075 in ‘stimulus’ funds to relocate a shrub that sells for $16."" "
"""Jeff Merkley was the deciding vote on Obamacare, which in Oregon has been an unmitigated disaster."" "
"""Obama Announces Plans For A Third Term Presidential Run"" "
"In 2007, Ed Gillespie ""was paid $300,000 to be the frontman for a coalition that made the individual mandate the centerpiece of its health reform plan."" "
"""Congress has cut funding, has slashed funding, for veterans' benefits over these last years."" "
"""The average person who gets the minimum wage in America is 35 years old."" "
"""20 percent of the time (smart guns) won't work."" "
"A company hired to do Common Core testing in Florida will ""attract every one of your children to become as homosexual as they possibly can."" "
"Mark Begich ""has taken campaign cash from the Kochs"" while Dan Sullivan hasn’t. "
"""At the mere request from Putin, President Obama withdrew the plans for a missile defense program based in Poland and the Czech Republic.""   "
"""Idaho was the only Republican-led state in the nation that chose to partner with President Obama"" by creating a state-based marketplace under the Affordable Care Act. "
"Congress' decision to ""spend less around the world"" on embassy security contributed to ""tragedies"" like Benghazi. "
"""Estimates for adopting Obamacare’s Medicaid expansion show it will cost Virginia taxpayers $902 million through 2022."" "
"The media ""widely overlooked"" comments made by former President Bill Clinton that Hillary Clinton had a terrible concussion that took six months to recover from.   "
"""Fifty percent of Americans will go hungry at some time in their lives."" "
"""Economic inequality in Multnomah County has a face -- and a name. It has 90,000 faces and names -- the number of county residents who are still unemployed, or underemployed, in the wake of the 2008 Wall Street crash."" "
"""We were the last flag flying in Benghazi."" "
"Under David Dewhurst’s leadership, the Texas ""Senate passed an expansion of in-state tuition and free health care to illegal immigrants."" "
"""No Republicans voted for"" recent hikes in the income tax, payroll tax, capital gains tax, dividend tax and estate tax. ""These taxes were all passed under … Obamacare."" "
"Hillary Clinton spent 30 days in the hospital in 2012 and appeared ""wearing glasses that are only for people who have traumatic brain injury.""   "
"David Beckham’s proposed soccer stadium at Miami’s Port ""threatens the 207,000 jobs and $27 billion economic impact tied to the cargo and cruise industries."" "
"A majority of Americans ""since Harry Truman days"" support single-payer health insurance, or ""full Medicare for all.""   "
"Human activity is not ""causing these dramatic changes to our climate."" "
"Rep. Justin Amash ""votes more with the Democrats than with the Republicans."" "
"State Rep. Elena Parent ""supported Governor Nathan Deal’s plan to slash the HOPE scholarship.""   "
"""Last year the (Medicaid Fraud Control Unit) in Virginia alone recovered over $200 million!"" "
"The incandescent light bulb ""has no effect whatever on the planet.""      "
"The Pell bridge ""is a tourism bridge essentially and not a commuter bridge."" "
"Wendy Davis ""was just doing a fund-raiser in Chicago with the international socialists organization."" "
Wendy Davis raised money for a U.S. House Democrat who is a member of a Democratic socialists group. 
"""Florida Democrats just voted to impose Sharia law on women."" "
"Idaho Republican Rep. Mike Simpson is a ""liberal"" who voted with Nancy Pelosi to ""fund sex study programs of San Francisco prostitutes"" and ""to regulate the sale of firearms.""   "
"the Club for Growth tries to defeat Republicans, and that its president called Nancy Pelosi ""the person I respect the most in Washington."" "
"""There are over 200 documented cases where (Obama) has lied."" "
"The death penalty ""is a deterrent that does affect and impact people."" "
"""For every Kentuckian that has enrolled in Obamacare, 40 have been dropped from their coverage."" "
"After the attack on a U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi, Libya, ""the ambassador's body was dragged through the street.""   "
"""More whites believe in ghosts than believe in racism."" "
"In discussing the attacks on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi, Libya, ""Ms. Rice did say 'a terrorist attack.' It’s not that she put the whole thing on the video.""   "
"President Barack Obama’s budget threatens national security by proposing ""an Army of fewer personnel than we had before Pearl Harbor."" "
"""Residential property taxes [in Providence] are up nearly 27 percent under Mayor Taveras."" "
"""Wendy Davis has already taken more $ from teacher unions than the past 3 Democrat gubernatorial candidates combined."" "
"""On (Tom) Wolf’s watch, taxes were high, killing 100,000 PA jobs."" "
"gubernatorial candidate Clay Pell ""hasn't spent a dime on advertising."" "
"Attorney General Eric Holder recently revealed ""this idea to have government have gun owners wear special bracelets that would identify you as a gun owner."" "
"""Health care premiums up 90 percent in New Hampshire."" "
"""In states where beer is unregulated, the per capita production is significantly higher."" "
"""Higher beer production and higher consumption go hand-in-hand."" "
"""A lot of the problems with forest fires ... is because of bad policy (not to clear out the forests) that was put in place by environmentalists."" "
"""Many"" of the founding fathers were ""very actively involved"" in cockfighting. "
"Jules Bailey ""was instrumental in creating the Business Energy Tax Credit that let companies like Wal-Mart profit by $11 million while costing the Oregon general fund $33 million."" "
"""Under Greg Abbott, Texas four-year-olds would be forced to undergo standardized tests."" "
"Greenlight Pinellas ""won’t take existing lanes from other vehicles."" "
Georgia Democratic Senate hopeful Michelle Nunn supports higher taxes. 
"Welcome to Wisconsin road signs have ""always been made in Wisconsin,"" but Scott Walker ""is outsourcing them"" to an out-of-state company and ""paying more money for them."" "
"""The average minimum wage worker is 35 years old."" "
"""Some of the wealthiest Americans are African-American now."" "
David Perdue supports Common Core 
"Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald ""Sterling is a Democrat.""   "
"""The Constitution simply does not authorize the federal government to own any of this land (in the Western states)."" "
"Ryan Sitton’s company ""accepted over $650,000 in Obama stimulus dollars."" "
"a pro-Democratic ad is ""false"" for saying that he allowed two disgraced staffers in 2012 to ""resign."" "
"Obamacare is ""costing 2 million jobs."" "
"""Over 300K home owner suicides attributed to foreclosures."" "
"Because the EPA closed a lead smelter in Missouri, ""all lead for bullets will have to come from overseas!"" "
"Charlie Crist's campaign bashed Sen. Bill Nelson's ""big-government solutions."" "
"The Bundy Ranch deal is all about Nevada Sen. Harry Reid ""using federal violence to take people’s land in his state so he can package it to re-sell it to the Chinese."" "
"""Oklahoma’s Republican Gov. Mary Fallin signed a new law which makes you pay a special fee. It will essentially fine people for the crime of using solar power."" "
"""The President wants the U.S. to sign on to the U.N.’s International Criminal Court."" "
"""More than 1,000 American soldiers have lost their lives in Afghanistan in the last 27 months. This is more than the combined total of the nine years before."" "
"Al Franken ""voted to exempt himself and Congress from enrolling in (the Affordable Care Act marketplaces)."" "
"""In 2005, Dan Branch tried to expand third-trimester abortions in Texas."" "
he hasn’t changed his view on abortion restrictions. 
"North Carolina Republican Senate candidate Thom Tillis ""called Obamacare ‘a great idea.’ "" "
"""Social science is irrefutable"" that children are better off being raised by a mom and a dad. "
"Liberals have figured out a Facebook algorithm and ""all the people getting banned from Facebook are somehow conservatives.""   "
"""Obama has proposed 442 tax hikes since taking office."" "
"""ObamaCare enrollment lie: Obama counts an enrollee as a web user putting a plan in ‘their online shopping carts.’"" "
Women are paid 77 cents for every $1 men get for the same work. 
"""Typical minimum wage earners in America are teenagers living with their parents in middle class families."" "
"""Pregnant women who stand for five to six hours at a time increase their risk of pre-term pregnancy by 80 percent."" "
"""In the last couple of days, notices were sent (by officials in Ukraine) to Jews in one city indicating that they had to identify themselves as Jews."" "
"Dan Patrick ""changed his name from Danny Goeb to hide from"" his ""debts."" "
"""Democrats very much are in the pocket of the NRA."" "
"""We know that Sunday mornings have usually been given over to conservative white men."" "
"""Did you know that in 2013 over 50 percent of all babies born in Oregon were Hispanic?"" "
"""Eighty percent of Wall Street executives and their spouses' donations go to Democrats."" "
"Every one of ""more than 30 federal judges who have considered the issue of gay and lesbian rights since last June… ruled that marriage is a constitutional right and you cannot deprive individual citizens of that right based on their sexual orientation."" "
"""The big Wall Street banks, the big corporations"" give ""many times more"" political donations to Democrats than Republicans.   "
"More ""25- to 34-year-olds are moving to Austin than any other city in America."" "
"""A lot of the move to free the slaves ... did not come from the federal government. It came from a growing movement among the people, particularly people of faith."" "
"Mark Udall ""decided Obamacare. ... He passed Obamacare with his vote."" "
"""My state of Florida is now the third-largest state. We have surpassed New York in population."" "
The insurance risk corridors aren't going broke like Republicans predicted. 
"Gov. Scott Walker’s repeal of a 2009 law has left Wisconsin as ""one of five states without an equal pay law protecting women from gender discrimination in their paycheck."" "
"""A grant for $5,000 [from the Governor’s Workforce Board] went to teach an employee at a company that makes ornamental business card holders how to use Facebook and Twitter."" "
"Federal money for Medicaid expansion ""is guaranteed for a few years and then goes away."" "
"the Koch brothers want to ""protect tax cuts for companies that ship our jobs overseas."" "
"Bruce Braley took ""tens of thousands from his friends in the health insurance industry"" and gave them ""special favors"" by voting for Obamacare. "
Rep. Michele Bachmann said President Barack Obama might be to blame for the Fort Hood shootings. 
"The health care law reduces ""the number of uninsured in America by 3 percent for how much money? $2 trillion."" "
"A North Carolina study proves that ""probably over a million people voted twice in (the 2012) election."" "
"""Before Congress, (Tom) Cotton got paid handsomely working for insurance companies and corporate interests."" "
"""Seniors enrolled in Medicare Advantage are going to see an average premium increase between $50 and $90 per month."" "
"Charlie Crist supports ""cuts to the Medicare Advantage program."" "
"U.S. Reps. Phil Gingrey and Jack Kingston have ""even changed votes to what I voted, multiple times."" "
"the Koch brothers ""funded the fight to let flood insurance premiums soar ... Now they’re spending millions to buy a Senate seat for Bill Cassidy so he can fight for them."" "
"the Medicaid fraud rate in Virginia was ""fact-checked"" and found to be ""0.47 percent."" "
"""Greg Abbott said it would be a ‘waste’ to expand pre-k to all Texas children."" "
"""The numbers of people that support Obamacare and like it have been steadily dropping."" "
"A poll taken ""a few months ago"" found ""70 percent approval or higher"" for the Act 10 collective bargaining law. "
"Gov. McAuliffe's budget would ""raid school, other $$ 4 Obamacare in VA."" "
"Michelle Obama waved ""red communist flags"" on her trip to China. "
This is the first time since World War II that five nuclear-powered aircraft carriers were docked together. 
"""EPA officials have commended (Koch Industries) for our ‘commitment to a cleaner environment’ and called us ‘a model for other companies.’ "" "
"""If you want out of the individual mandate... all you have to do now is tick off the box that 'hardship' and you're out."" "
"the goal of the Affordable Care Act was to get 30 million people insured, but it only got 7 million. "
Women in the U.S. get 23 percent less pay than men for the same exact work. 
"he has engaged in the political process ""only in the past decade."" "
the estate tax is a threat to family farms. 
"""Glenn Hegar promised to eliminate the property tax."" "
"""Less than 1 percent of 1 percent of the American population has given an amount over $200"" to a federal political campaign. "
"David Alameel ""is giving thousands of dollars to support the Republican Party candidates"" including John Cornyn and Greg Abbott. "
"Wisconsin is ""one of the bluest"" states, but under Scott Walker its unemployment rate ""is around 3.5%."" "
"President Barack Obama's acceptance of an ""Islamic order and gold medal"" was ""unconstitutional."" "
"Premeditation, in murder cases like the Oscar Pistorius case, ""can be formed in the twinkling of an eye."" "
"""22 Countries Invaded by the U.S. in 20 Years."" "
"""There are over 100 pipelines between the United States and Canada right now."" "
"If the legislature refuses to expand Medicaid, ""27 states are going to get our money – Virginia taxpayer money – into their states to provide health care for their citizens, paid for by us."" "
"""Ralph Hall has never voted to raise the debt ceiling."" "
"""Wisconsin wages are declining at double the rate of other states."" "
"""No one"" claims the report vindicating New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie in the bridge scandal is ""conclusive."" "
"""Wisconsin now ranks among the top 10 states for out-migration.""   "
"Health insurance and medical costs ""are going down because of Obamacare."" "
"""We have been teaching these (Common Core) standards in Florida schools since 2010."" "
"""Kesha Rogers is not a Democrat."" "
"Most of the people who have signed up through the Obamacare exchanges ""already had insurance."" "
"Florida's revenue ""is growing at a faster rate than almost any state in the country."" "
"Marco Rubio believes the earth is 9,000 years old and that humans hunted dinosaurs to extinction; says  Rand Paul believes the earth is 10,000 years old and God removed dinosaurs ""to make space for humans."" "
"""Americans increasingly want (the Affordable Care Act) to be repealed."" "
"""Obamacare will drive 2.5 million Americans out of the workforce."" "
"Because of the federal health care law, ""300,000 health plans canceled"" in Florida. "
"The percentage of black children born without a father in the home has risen from 7 percent in 1964 to 73 percent today, due to changes from President Lyndon Johnson’s Great Society. "
"On HealthCare.Gov, Texan Mark Sullivan ""found a good"" health insurance ""plan that includes dental, for less than $80 a month."" "
"After hiring a campaign manager in 2006, ""I got this $100 and something fee ... for hazardous materials.""   "
"In Virginia’s Medicaid program, ""approximately 30 percent, or $2.7 billion a year, is lost to waste, fraud and inefficiencies."" "
"Broward County’s unemployment rate of 5.3 percent is ""the lowest in Florida."" "
"Ralph Hall is ""the oldest member in Congress ever."" "
"""Reporters rehearse questions with White House press (secretary)."" "
"Millions of Americans are ""paying more and getting less"" under Obamacare. "
"The Greenlight Pinellas transportation plan involves a ""300% tax increase."" "
"The Republican-controlled Wisconsin Senate approved a bill ""denying veterans the right to recover their medical costs for cancers they developed while serving their country."" "
"President Barack Obama spent ""$5 billion paying Ukrainians to riot and dismantle their democratically elected government."" "
"After Russia went to war with Georgia in 2008, the U.S. sent a ""very strong message"" to Vladimir Putin by sending ""warships to the Black Sea"" and airlifting ""combat troops that Georgia had in Afghanistan"" back to Georgia. "
"President Abraham Lincoln ""tried to arm the slaves."" "
President Abraham Lincoln enforced the Fugitive Slave Act until the Civil War ended. 
"The American slave trade caused 5 million deaths ""or more."" "
"The United States has seen ""a net loss of people with health insurance"" because of Obamacare. "
"he has supported ""George Bush more than I have Barack Obama."" "
"A ""real result"" of his term is Georgia having ""the lowest taxes per capita of any state."" "
"Earth ""has not warmed for the last 17 years."" "
"President Barack Obama told a room of students, ""Children, every time I clap my hands together, a child in America dies from gun violence,"" and then a child told him he could solve the problem by not clapping any more. "
"Mary Burke's ""2007-'09 state budget had a tax hike of $1.8 billion -- costing every man, woman and child in the state an extra $310.""   "
"In the recent House special election in Florida, Democrats ""got outspent in a Republican district."" "
"his Patient OPTION Act is the only Republican plan ""that completely repeals Obamacare and it takes the federal bureaucrat out of decisions for you."" "
"Ronald Reagan ""got the Saudis to flood the market with cheap oil."" "
"Cathy Jordan was ""arrested"" and dragged out of her home by ""a SWAT team of hooligans"" for using medical marijuana. "
"President Barack Obama shut down NASA space flights and turned the agency ""into a Muslim outreach department."" "
"""Most young Americans right now, they’re not covered"" by health insurance. "
"Millennials are ""more pro-life than baby boomers and older Americans.""   "
"President Barack Obama ""is the first president we've ever had who thinks he can choose which laws to enforce and which laws to ignore."" "
"With his proposal to cut income and property taxes, Scott Walker is ""increasing the state deficit at a time when borrowing is already at record levels.""   "
"Under a bill before the legislature, ""you’d have to go to court to fire an employee."" "
"On Syria, ""a lot of the allies signed on. At the last minute, Obama backed off."" "
"Under Scott Walker, Wisconsin ""unemployment's up"" from 4.8% to 6.2%   "
"""We have invested record funding in protecting our environment."" "
"""Marijuana contains 50 to 70 percent more carcinogenic hydrocarbons than tobacco."" "
"""(Mary) Burke was a senior member of the Doyle administration that left Wisconsin with 130,000 fewer jobs."" "
"""Georgia lawmakers are now considering passing the most extreme gun bill in America."" "
"""All of Florida's four-year state colleges now offer bachelor's degrees for only $10,000."" "
"""We are seeing dramatic rate cuts"" to Medicare that will affect seniors’ ability to keep their doctor, hospital and prevention services. "
"Tom Cotton’s vote in Congress to change Medicare ""will increase out-of-pocket expenses for every senior in Arkansas."" "
"""Federal government reneging"" on Medicaid payments to Wisconsin caused about $240 million in extra costs in the 2013-’15 state budget. "
"A Georgia religious freedom bill would help Catholic institutions that, under Obamacare, could be forced to provide abortion-inducing drugs. "
"Debo Adegbile ""was nominated to serve as a judge on the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals"" and ""was abruptly withdrawn by the administration."" "
"""I've been a cop in Lake County, Michigan, since 1982 thereabout. I conduct federal raids with the DEA and ATF and U.S. Marshals and the FBI and Texas Rangers.""   "
"Lamar Smith ""sponsored the bill that funded Obamacare."" "
"""Mitch McConnell voted with Harry Reid to infringe on our gun rights."" "
"Nancy Pelosi said, ""Waiting long hours in the emergency room will allow you to make new friends!"" "
A YouGov.com poll shows 71 percent of Obama voters regret voting for him. 
"""We’ve got close to 7 million Americans who have access to health care for the first time because of Medicaid expansion."" "
"Alaska Sen. Mark Begich ""is on record supporting a carbon tax, even pushing Harry Reid to make it a priority."" "
"Under current policies, ""we're going to reduce the overall debt of the United States by $3 trillion over the next 10 years."" "
"Alex Sink supported ""higher property taxes."" "
"The Ukraine Orange Revolution in 2004 ""was the first color revolution."" "
"Alaska Sen. Mark Begich supported President Barack Obama’s economic policies ""97 percent of the time."" "
"Alex Sink ""supported higher sales taxes."" "
"A Congressional Budget Office report President Barack Obama’s executive order to raise the minimum wage for new federal contract workers ""will cost the economy 500,000 jobs."" "
A photo from the Russia-Finland hockey game shows a sad Vladimir Putin and Dmitry Medvedev. 
"As state Commerce secretary, Mary Burke drafted, sponsored and promoted ""budgets that raised taxes by billions, created high structural deficits and raided funds to finance huge spending hikes."" "
"David Jolly ""supports privatizing Social Security."" "
"""The Republican leadership in the House has refused to address the issues that matter the most to Rhode Island, such as passing a jobs bill."" "
"Richmond is ""the most vegan-friendly city."" "
"""Nonpartisan government analysts say Obamacare will cost our economy up to 2.5 million jobs."" "
"North Carolina Republican Senate candidate Thom Tillis ""supports a plan that would end Medicare as we know it."" "
"Girl Scouts USA’s curriculum ""promotes Margaret Sanger, founder of Planned Parenthood, Betty Friedan, founder of NARAL Prochoice, and other pro-abortion women as icons for our children to emulate."" "
"Michele Bachmann said ""English was good enough for Jesus when he wrote the Bible."" "
"Kip Kinkel and Clackamas Town Center shootings ""both where citizen with gun stopped the crime"" "
"Responding to a major snow event in Atlanta would be like Kansas City, Mo., responding to a major earthquake. "
"that as a U.S. senator, Scott Brown ""delivered for Wall Street, saving big banks $19 billion in taxes."" "
"""Social Security was advocated … in the 1930s as a way of getting people to quit working, because they thought we were confined to a permanent scarcity of jobs in this country."" "
"John Cornyn ""voted twice in 2013 to back Obama’s amnesty plan."" "
"A bill backed by Sean Duffy and other House Republicans ""could actually require the Internal Revenue Service to conduct audits of rape victims"" who get an abortion.   "
"""The CBO’s latest report confirms what Republicans have been saying for years now. Under Obamacare, millions of hardworking Americans will lose their jobs."" "
"""I always supported civil unions."" "
"Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett is responsible for the roughly $7,800 ""I pay in property taxes per year.""   "
"President Barack Obama carried Congressional District 13 ""by 8.2 points in 2008 and 5.6 points in 2012."" "
"""Any Floridian who has ever requested an absentee ballot henceforth gets one automatically."" "
"President Barack Obama has issued upwards of 1,000 executive orders, more than any modern president. "
"""According to (Barack) Obama’s newest unconstitutionally enacted law, health care professionals are now required to violate HIPAA privacy laws and submit medical data to the government,"" which is ""then used as justification for gun confiscation."" "
"A friend’s sister ""died from Obamacare"" because Blue Shield ""completely just pulled out of California."" "
"President Barack Obama’s health care law is ""expected to destroy 2.3 million jobs."" "
"""The CBO now the president's health care law will cut the number of full-time jobs in the United States by 2.3 million by 2021."" "
he didn't tell viewers that the Obama campaign hid news about the motives behind the attack in Benghazi because Obama was running for re-election. 
"""Every year since Gov. Walker and the Republicans have been in control of the Legislature we’ve created fewer jobs, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics."" "
"""It still had not gotten terrible on the roads"" by 2 to 3 p.m. Tuesday. "
"Virginia is ""the No. 1 recipient of federal dollars."" "
"President Barack Obama ""spent nearly a trillion dollars on make-work government jobs."" "
"""I played in a game here against the Pittsburgh Steelers where there was 23 inches of snow. … We played in at least 15 inches of that."" "
"""We have been confronted with an unexpected storm that has hit the metropolitan area."" "
"""Barack Obama has gone from blaming George W. Bush to plagiarizing George W. Bush."" "
"""25% of human trafficking victims are located in Texas."" "
"Monica Wehby and Jason Conger are ""causing devastating consequences"" for nearly 23,000 Oregonians looking for work. "
"state Sens. Greg Evers, Nancy Detert and Charles Dean ""got a failing grade from conservatives."" "
"""Over half of the young people"" in medical, dental and law schools are women. "
"""John Cornyn backed his pal David Dewhurst"" for the U.S. Senate over Ted Cruz. "
"U.S. Rep. John Barrow, D-Ga., does not want to audit the Federal Reserve. "
"""Recently, Florida has successfully reduced the environmental permitting time down to just two days."" "
"""We have the lowest beer tax in the nation."" "
"For ""the past year, I was censored"" and muzzled. "
Colorado food stamp recipients can use ATMs to get cash to buy marijuana. 
"People on pot ""shoot each other ... stab each other ... strangle each other, drive under the influence, kill families.""   "
"""Forty years ago, hardly anybody in the country had health insurance."" "
"""Rick Scott’s Administration spent over $100,000 of taxpayer money during their first voter purge attempt in 2012."" "
"Alex Sink ""failed Florida homeowners by using predatory lending practices."" "
"""And we’ve constantly been the lowest unemployed county in the state."" "
"""Most of West Virginia is still owned, in excess of 90 percent, by out-of-state interests."" "
"In 2011, Carlos López-Cantera ""staunchly supported"" a Florida bill modeled after Arizona’s immigration law "
"""The average rate of fraud"" in the Earned Income Tax Credit, Medicare, Medicaid and food stamps programs ""is 20 to 25 percent.""   "
"""In some of the states in the U.S., homosexuality remains a felony."" "
"Action by the Milwaukee County Board will ""provide the County Executive with the same level of security as the Governor and the Mayor of Milwaukee while saving taxpayers $300,000."" "
"""In 1916, the U.S. government predicted that by the 1940s all paper would come from hemp and that no more trees would need to be cut down."" "
"San Antonio has seen ""67% growth"" in water customers ""in the last 25 years, 0% more water used."" "
"During the lead-up to the American Revolutionary War, ""some guy in Boston got his head blown off because he tried to secretly raise the tax on tea."" "
"Scott Walker's income ""tax plan is a tax hike. It increases taxes for nearly 80% of the people in the state."" "
"""I started the whole year"" as a senior on the University of Illinois football team and ""led the team in interceptions and tackles from defensive back."" "
"Oregon Rep. Tina Kotek, D-Portland, has ""never held a job nor run a business"" "
"""Seventy percent of the people living in abject poverty are women."" "
"""Under Mayor Cicilline, [Providence] was a sanctuary city."" "
"A judge's order means there's a ""Constitution exemption zone"" if you live ""within 100 miles of the United States border."" "
"""Under Obamacare, when you turn Medicaid over to the states ... the money will be available up front for the expansion for a few years. Then, the money will go away."" "
"""Jobs that involve the minimum wage are overwhelmingly jobs for young people starting out in the workforce."" "
"""The amount of attention paid this week to Chris Christie makes the coverage of Benghazi ... pale in significance.""   "
"""I have never lobbied for offshore oil drilling."" "
"""When I was Mayor of South Pasadena, we actually reduced the property taxes we collected."" "
"The Foundation for Government Accountability, which supported a Florida law requiring drug testing of welfare recipients, is a ""Koch brothers affiliated group."" "
"""Oregon is spending $10 million advertising Obamacare with ads that don’t even mention the program and how to enroll in it"" and that don’t ""mention the word ‘insurance.’"" "
"the media created the term ""polar vortex"" and the cold air proves ""the ice isn’t melting."" "
It’s warmer on Mars than it is in parts of the United States and Canada during the polar vortex. 
"Under a proposed bill, a $100,000 home’s flood insurance premium would be ""maybe $200 or $300 annually."" "
Fifty-three percent of graduates from liberal arts colleges these days can’t find jobs. 
"The No. 2 owner of Fox News is Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, who said, ""A strong American Government is not good for us."" "
"David Jolly lobbied ""for government-run health care just last year."" "
"The Obama administration offered ""no magic number"" of people that needed to sign up for health care on the marketplaces. "
"""Earlier this year, [John DePetro] was accused of sexually assaulting a female co-worker."" "
"""Obamacare Medical Codes Confirm: Execution by Beheading To Be Implemented in America."" "
"""(Jack Kingston) had more earmarks at one time than every member of the Georgia delegation put together.""   "
"""Kathleen Peters refuses to ‘take a stand’ to repeal Obamacare."" "
"Protesters in La Crosse blocked an exit and surrounded a State Patrol car carrying the governor and were ""beating on the windows and rocking the vehicle."" When the car was ""extricated"" from the crowd, a truck blocked a second exit.   "
"""Most of the (Affordable Care Act) has already in some sense been waived or otherwise suspended."" "
"""The fact that one town has three lanes dedicated to it, that kind of gets me sauced."" "
"""Scott Walker raises nearly 70 percent of his money from out of state"" "
"""Rhode Island’s teen binge drinking rate is double the national average."" "
"Gov. Scott Walker dropped out or was kicked out of college short of a degree ""not long after"" he was ""kicked out of student elections at Marquette University."" "
"Studies suggest the 2017 College Football Playoff Championship game will bring about 1,700 to 1,800 full-time jobs. "
"Gov. Scott Walker bought ""80 new, brand-new vehicles"" for the state that ""we probably don’t need."" "
"The economic impact of new Atlanta Braves stadium includes 9,241 new jobs and $295 million in wages. "
"""We don’t show people playing these games. We don’t show them winning playing the video lottery games."" "
"""Florida has experienced positive job growth for 39 consecutive months."" "
"The Murray-Ryan deal ""is the first divided-government budget agreement since 1986."" "
Marco Rubio endorsed Obamacare for his own family. 
"Gov. Rick Scott ""backed the federal shutdown."" "
"""By using a little-known loophole ... Obama minions are allowing Nestle Company to export precious fresh water out of Lake Michigan."" "
"""By the word religion in the First Amendment, the founders meant Christianity."" "
"The Employment Non-Discrimination Act ""discriminates against Christian daycare, Christian parents, Christian business owners, and the rights of religious freedom."" "
"School children can earn higher grades by studying Islam under a new ""nationwide Muslim outreach program"" announced by President Barack Obama. "
"""Every major city which has a center of poverty is run by Democrats. Every major city."" "
"""Oregon leads the nation in number of jobs per capita in manufacturing."" "
"""In every poll,"" John Cornyn ""always loses to any conservative the voters have heard about."" "
"""The Earth is not warming."" "
"""The 'Denver Post' has actually hired an editor to promote pot."" "
"Gov. Charlie Crist ""sought for and got approved the automatic restoration of felon rights for nonviolent offenders for the first time in Florida history."" "
"""Obamacare is going to increase the divorce rate."" "
"""We are experiencing the worst economic recovery America has ever had."" "
"""(U.S. Rep. Jack Kingston) voted to fund (Obamacare)."" "
"""The most popular name is no longer John or Steven. It's Jose, Camilo and Maria."" "
"""I have cut taxes 63 times, including a 2006 property tax reduction that ranks as the largest in state history."" "
"The ""priorities"" of more than three-quarters of Americans are to increase the minimum wage, create a path to citizenship for illegal immigrants, and require background checks for gun buyers. "
"Vladimir Putin said, ""President Obama and his fellow Democrats are either idiots or deliberately trying to destroy their own economy."" "
"""Why would our president close the embassy to the Vatican? Hopefully, it is not retribution for Catholic organizations opposing Obamacare."" "
"""Residents could have received nearly $48M for Local Schools, Fire District, Sheriff’s Dept. and Social Services."" "
"""Back door gun control is in full effect in the United States"" due to ""Obama’s Environmental Protection Agency."" "
"in the last five years ""Senate Republicans have placed a filibuster on every piece of legislation and every nominee."" "
"""The administration was kicking and screaming all the way with these sanctions being put in place (on Iran)."" "
"""Since 1988, Congress has raised its own salary 15 times 'to reflect rising costs.' But raised the minimum wage only three times."" "
"Gov. Scott Walker has dropped Wisconsin ""to 45th in the nation in job growth prospects while campaigning for president out of state."" "
"""Only 25 percent of what people buy is subject to Rhode Island’s sales tax."" "
"If the Trans-Pacific Partnership ""is fast-tracked through the Senate, it won't receive a committee assignment"" and the consideration will include ""no debate."" "
"In Wisconsin, more than 300,000 people have ""some kind of addictive gambling problem, whether it’s pathological or what we’d categorize as a problem gambler."" "
"President Barack Obama has the ""power to stop deportation for all undocumented immigrants in this country."" "
"Mark Warner cast ""the tiebreaking vote"" to pass Obamacare. "
"The Affordable Care Act alters the ""sensible doctor-patient-relationship-centered health care program ... we see today."" "
"""If you survey, most (North Carolina) Democrats also agree with our (election) laws and voter ID."" "
"""All"" University of Texas ""student-athletes get an iPad."" "
"Florida ""remains the top travel destination across the world."" "
"A Census Bureau worker he was told to skew information to bring the unemployment rate down ""as we headed into an election season."" "
"""In Jeanne Shaheen, New Hampshire has a Senator who was the deciding vote to pass Obamacare."" "
"In ""reality,"" there have ""been no problems whatsoever"" with the Texas voter ID law. "
"""The (health care) law does not demand that all of these cancellations go out."" "
"Rhode Island's unemployment insurance system ""is the most expensive such system in the country."" "
"There were ""$2 billion in earmarks in fiscal year 2012."" "
"""Florida sheriffs unequivocally support"" the ""stand your ground"" law. "
"""Under President (George W.) Bush, prosecution of gun crimes was 30 percent higher than it is under President Obama."" "
"""On (the federal minimum wage of) $7.75, you can’t even make half the poverty level."" "
"""Our national debt is as low as it has been since World War II."" "
"""Onion Creek’s highest flow rate"" on a recent night of flooding ""was 120,000 cubic feet per second, which is nearly double the average flow rate of Niagara Falls."" "
"One of the ""main functions"" of the Department of Homeland Security’s SAVE database is ""checking voter registration citizenship status."" "
"Under Obama, the national debt ""has been reduced every year for the last five years."" "
"I am ""the first Latina to run for governor of Texas."" "
"""In the last four years, our economy has grown on average 0.9 percent a year."" "
"""In July 2010 the government said small businesses -- 60 percent -- will lose their health care, 45 percent of big business and a large percentage of individual health."" "
"the Obama administration is handing out a pamphlet titled, ""What To Do When The Veteran In Your Classroom Attempts A Mass Shooting"" "
"""Social Security took seven years before anybody got the first check."" "
"""They delayed my swearing-in here in Massachusetts for a couple weeks so they could ram (the health care law) through.""   "
"""The majority of people travelling to these destination resorts are not going for the primary purpose of gambling.""    "
"""When you add a dollar value to mandates,"" government took almost 50 percent ""of the American people’s money."" "
"Kay Hagan ""supports waivers for friends of Obama and special treatment for Congress and their staffs."" "
"Alex Sink supported ""a $5.2 billion increase in Florida's debt."" "
"With a bill bringing $100 million in property tax relief, ""the typical Wisconsin homeowner will save approximately $680 over four years."" "
"""new mandates are already reducing full-time employment."" "
"Barack Obama ""knew half of the population of the United States would lose their health insurance."" "
"""What we said was, you can keep (your plan) if it hasn’t changed since the law passed."" "
"I am the only U.S. Senate candidate who spoke out against bombing Syria, and who challenged Georgia’s governor and insurance commissioner over obstruction to the Affordable Care Act. "
"""We’re one of the only communities in the country that didn’t lose population in the last census."" "
"""If your plan is the result of collective bargaining, no subsequent changes by anybody -- insurance companies, Obamacare -- can force your grandfathered policy to change."" "
"""The insurance industry is actually run by mostly Democrats."" "
"""The insurance companies are making that choice (to cancel or change policies), not the president."" "
"Passage of a referendum on an aquarium for Clearwater means ""NO future funding for our neighborhoods."" "
"""Natalyn Archibong skipped (Atlanta) City Council meetings or was late 90% of the time. Then she voted herself a pay raise."" "
"Terry McAuliffe ""wants to raise your taxes $1,700 to pay for his infinite promises."" "
"Ken Cuccinelli would ""take money away from public schools to fund private schools."" "
"""Wisconsin ranks No. 2 in economic growth"", according to the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia. "
"""West Linn has one of the highest per capita rates of home-based businesses in the United States."" "
"""Texas Governor Rick Perry’s voter ID law is a blatant effort to defeat Wendy Davis by disenfranchising tens of thousands of women voters."" "
"""This is the year Florida becomes a majority minority state."" "
"""If I have affordable coverage in my workplace, I'm not eligible to go into the marketplace. ... It’s illegal."" "
"""FACT: Nothing in #Obamacare forces people out of their health plans."" "
"""The number of Americans who receive means-tested government benefits -- welfare -- now outnumbers those who are year-round full-time workers."" "
"""78702 is the second-most gentrified ZIP code in the entire country."" "
"""Soldiers Donating to Tea Party Now Face Punishment Under the Uniform Code of Military Justice."" "
"""Hidden"" in the healthcare.gov code is language that means users ""waive any reasonable right to privacy of your personal information."" "
" Rep. Jon Runyan ""voted to redefine rape."" "
"""In 2011, texting surpassed alcohol as the leading contributing factor in teen driving deaths.""   "
"According to a federal report, Obamacare will increase the long-term federal deficit by $6.2 trillion. "
"Wisconsin sold fresh water to California, helping that state's dairy industry, and ""lost a bunch of jobs (and) a bunch of farmland."" "
"Ken Cuccinelli wants ""to eliminate all forms of birth control."" "
"""We’re second only to Boston in college students per capita."" "
"""Test scores had gone up steadily for 40 years until No Child Left Behind and Race to the Top.""     "
"In Florida, ""300,000 people are going to lose their individual coverage because of Obamacare. Now those people next year, they don’t have health insurance."" "
"Wendy Davis is ""threatening to raise taxes up to $35 billion."" "
"Congress, criminals, Scientologists and other groups are exempt from Obamacare. "
Maggie Hassan is the only female governor in the country. 
"""Wisconsin is not as obese as the national average is. The national average, 35.7 percent of the population is obese. In Wisconsin, it's closer to 26 percent."" "
"""In 45 out of 50 states, on average men are seeing their premiums double, going up 99 percent. Women up 62 percent."" "
"""About 47 percent of able-bodied people in the state of Maine don’t work."" "
"""Woodrow Wilson borrowed $30 billion to fund World War I in 1917. That money has not been paid back. And we are still paying interest on it."" "
"""I never was in favor of shutting down the government. … (I) voted to fund the government fully."" "
"Milwaukee County has ""a parks capital budget that’s bigger than it’s been in the last 10 years."" "
"""Wendy Davis opposes any limits on abortion."" "
"under President Barack Obama, the debt increased by 23 percent, which was less than under any president going back to Ronald Reagan. "
"""As a result of Obamacare, we are becoming something of a part-time employment country."" "
"Common Core is being ""used by the Obama Administration to turn the Department of Education into what is effectively a national school board."" "
"""Mark Herring voted to allow sex offenders, including rapists, to serve shorter sentences."" "
"The goal of Common Core is ""to instill federally determined attitudes and mindsets in students including political and religious beliefs."" "
"""Common Core expects English teachers to spend at least half of their reading instructional time at every grade level on informational texts."" "
Teachers were not involved in developing the Common Core State Standards. 
"""74 percent of small-business people believe that Obamacare is a bad idea.""   "
"Common Core means ""there are over 300 data elements the government is going to be collecting about your children and about you."" "
"""Local law enforcement . . . will have access to the [Obamacare] Data Hub’s treasure trove of personal info."" "
"""We went from $160 billion deficit spending in (President George W.) Bush's last year to $1.6 trillion the following year."" "
"The ""president has given 1,100 special waivers to his friends"" for Obamacare. "
"Damascus’ disincorporation would produce ""NO significant tax savings."" "
"Since Obamacare became law, ""most of our new jobs have been part-time jobs."" "
"""Virtually every person across this country has seen premiums going up and up and up"" due to Obamacare. "
"""Since Mr. Foster's been mayor, we have less small businesses in the city of St. Petersburg."" "
"""Unfortunately, since Mr. Foster's been mayor ... there are less people employed in the city of St. Petersburg than there were prior to his taking office."" "
"""nearly 30,000"" federal employees in Oregon were furloughed during the government shutdown. "
"When SACS came back to the DeKalb County School District to give a midterm review, we got straight A’s. "
"Chris Christie ""cut equal pay for women, calling it 'senseless bureaucracy.' "" "
"Congressional lawmakers earn their salaries ""FOR LIFE,"" which for House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi would add up to ""$803,700 Dollars a year for LIFE including FREE medical."" "
"""No doctors who went to an American medical school will be accepting Obamacare."" "
"""Neville Chamberlain told the British people: ‘Accept the Nazis. Yes, they will dominate the continent of Europe, but that is not our problem. Let's appease them. Why? Because it can't be done. We cannot possibly stand against them.’"" "
"Jeanne Shaheen ""got behind the idea of using the IRS to target American citizens for their political views."" "
"Ann Kuster turned ""a blind eye to those in need of funding"" by voting ""against funding for our nation’s veterans, low-income women and children, the FDA and the National Institutes of Health."" "
"U.S. Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz ""voted to cut off Florida’s veterans and their benefits."" "
The White House had a live video feed of the Benghazi attacks as they occurred. 
"""we are going to sell this house and use the proceeds to stabilize rates."" "
"U.S. Rep. Steve Daines, R-Mont., ""opposes a vote on his own legislation that he proposed just a few months ago."" "
"""Rather than prioritize and pass ethics reform measures to restore trust in state government, (Democrats) sat on their hands and did nothing"" when they were the majority. "
"A $10 million fire fee proposal in St. Petersburg was ""inspired"" by Gov. Rick Scott. "
"""It’s been 4 and a half years since the United States Senate passed a budget."" "
"""Six years after unionization, 20,000 fewer children in Illinois were being served by the Child Care and Development Fund program."" "
"Amanda Murphy has ""two vacation homes around the world."" "
"Bill Gunter would ""drain millions from local public schools, and give our tax dollars to private, for-profit schools run by out-of-state corporations."" "
"Terry McAuliffe has ""threatened to shut down Virginia’s government if his budget plan isn’t supported."" "
"""(t)his 12 year council 'Seat-warmer' has never chaired, vice chaired, or led a single Council committee meeting.""   "
"Louie Gohmert of Texas ""blamed the mass shooting at a movie theater in Colorado on ‘the ongoing attacks on Judeo-Christian beliefs.'"" "
"I am ""the only candidate for lieutenant governor to oppose in-state tuition for illegal immigrants."" "
"Sen. Mark Pryor voted for ""special subsidies"" for lawmakers and staff in Congress ""so they’re protected from Obamacare."" "
"The health care marketplaces have ""no privacy protections."" "
"Any state tax law has to start in the House and the renewal of the state hospital bed tax this year started in the Senate, which is unconstitutional. "
"""Nobody's addicted to"" marijuana. "
"""Every month, we get the reports from the Bureau of Labor Statistics that say even more people have given up looking for work."" "
The Obama administration shut down the Amber Alert program because of the government shutdown. 
"""Obama has jumped the shark and ordered the ocean closed!"" "
"a man opted out of Obamacare after the marketplace launched on Oct. 1, 2013, and was informed he owed a $4,000 fine. "
"The growth in health care costs ""has been reined in through the Affordable Care Act."" "
"""Obama Declares November National Muslim Appreciation Month."" "
"Ken Cuccinelli ""tried to shut down"" state government. "
"""(Texas Republicans) believe in abolishing Social Security, abolishing V.A. health care."" "
The crime rate in some Atlanta neighborhoods has dropped by 35 to 51 percent. 
"In a ""sweetheart deal … members of Congress, thanks to the Obama administration, are going to be the only people in America to get subsidies in the Obamacare exchanges."" "
"""Nathan Deal killed pro-gun bills in 2013.""   "
"""A strong bipartisan majority"" in the House of Representatives ""voted to defund Obamacare."" "
"""The United States Senate — Democrats and Republicans — (voted) to keep our government open."" "
"With Obamacare, ""we're fixing to get hit with the biggest entitlement program the American taxpayers have ever seen."" "
"Under Cuccinelli’s tax cut plan, ""school divisions across Virginia could be forced to fire over 8,000 teachers.""   "
Warren Buffett stop Obamacare now and start over. 
"UPS left 15,000 employees’ spouses ""without health insurance"" and told them to, ""go on an exchange with no employer subsidy."" "
"""I’ve been reducing the number of Democratic"" Texas Senate committee ""chairs since I came in"" as lieutenant governor. "
"""Thanks to (Rick) Perry's bad budgeting, the (Texas) highway department has to convert some modern paved state roads back to gravel."" "
"""The American people support defunding Obamacare and oppose shutting down the government."" "
"""The president’s own advisers have said there’s a war on coal."" "
"Wendy Davis is ""the most popular politician in Texas."" "
"""Terry McAuliffe cashed in, walking away with millions"" from the demise of Global Crossing. "
"""We’ve used (generally accepted accounting principles) here in this building the last two years."" "
"""Every engine manufacturer in the United States is now in the state of Texas."" "
"""More than 400 car crashes occur each year on the current, congested Columbia River Bridge."" "
"""Since sequester began federal employment has been subtracting 6,000-7,000 jobs per month"" "
"""Obamacare will question your sex life."" "
"""Cuccinelli wants to make all abortion illegal, even in cases of rape and incest, even to protect a woman’s health."" "
"The Capitol Police force is ""going so far as to use paramilitary equipment"" in dealing with singing protesters in Madison "
"""Tampa got more (federal housing) money because they scored higher on the blight scoring system, so they've got a much bigger problem than we do."" "
"potential Democratic opponent Mary Burke ""implemented the policies of Jim Doyle. Those are the policies that, in his last term, saw the state lose more than 133,000 jobs."" "
"Warren Buffett recently said ""Scrap Obamacare and Start All Over."" "
"""1 percent of candidates that (the National Rifle Association) endorsed in 2012 won."" "
"""Soy ... el único official estatal quién es un hombre de negocios."" "
"""The amount of interest"" paid on the federal debt exceeds ""total tax revenue."" "
"""Studies have shown that voter fraud is non-existent in Texas."" "
"The United States ""stood alone in the war in Iraq."" "
"he ""opposed the president’s decision to go into Iraq"" in 2003. "
"In 2012, the state ""put together a list of over 100,000 people that they thought were ineligible to vote. Came out there were less than 10."" "
"""One out of every three students currently today is ready for college before they go there."" "
"In the event of a U.S. strike on Syria, ""the Russians will replace the weapons immediately. They’ve said it on the record. They’ve suggested they might even replace it with better stuff."" "
"Chemical weapons have been used ""probably 20 times"" since the Persian Gulf War. "
"The Libertarian Party ""is the third-largest political party in the U.S."" "
"U.S. Rep. Tom Price is sending letters both supporting and opposing the ""small-business killing Internet Tax Mandate."" "
"Gov. Scott Walker ""hasn't done a public event this entire year."" "
"""Wind power is the most undependable form of renewable energy."" "
"An account of attacks in Benghazi written by former White House press secretary Dee Dee Myers shows that the body of U.S. Ambassador to Libya Christopher Stevens was ""dragged through the streets"" and abused. "
"""We will have the highest general revenue in state history next year. Conservative pro-growth policies work in our state."" "
"every day of a special session costs taxpayers $40,000. "
"Obama ""exempted Congress and their staff from the full effect of the (health care) law."" "
A proposed San Antonio ordinance will allow men into women’s restrooms in the city. 
"""There’s only one candidate under investigation -- Terry McAuliffe."" "
"Obamacare-caused paperwork will annually absorb 190 million hours or more--and Mount Rushmore could be built 1,547 times over ""with the paperwork."" "
Ken Cuccinelli supported a law that could allow people to carry missile launchers into airports. 
"""America’s gun-related homicide rate … would be about the same as Belgium’s if you left out California, Illinois, D.C. and New Jersey, places with some of the strictest gun control laws in the U.S."" "
"""Congressman Patrick Murphy voted to keep the scandal-ridden IRS in charge of enforcing Obamacare.""   "
"The 2010 DREAM Act failed despite ""strong bipartisan support."" "
"U.N. arms treaty will mandate a ""new international gun registry."" "
"""I fought hard for that (state Senate) seat. I only lost by four points. I raised over $700,000."" "
"The book Little Red Riding Hood is something ""that’s been banned in America,"" but not assault weapons. "
"""Three years after getting the $100 million (from Mark Zuckerberg), less than two-thirds of students in Cory Booker's Newark graduate."" "
"""I am every year the No.1 pick of all of the law enforcement agencies within Texas."" "
"Miami-Dade County is the ""No. 1 donor county in the state."" "
"Terry McAuliffe is ""the person who invented the scheme to rent out the Lincoln Bedroom."" "
"Wisconsin’s criminal threshold for drunken-driving is ""way out of line"" with ""states surrounding us,"" which ""have the second offense as a felony."" "
"""your Legislative Assembly was within one vote of enacting each of those bills into Oregon law."" "
"President Barack Obama could ""basically"" legalize all immigrants here illegally ""by the sign of a pen."" "
"Obamacare provision will allow ""forced home inspections"" by government agents. "
"""Only in Washington would politicians spend $27 million to teach Moroccans how to make pottery."" "
"""According to a recent Congressional Budget Office report, under Obamacare, 7 million people will lose their employer-sponsored insurance."" "
"Under Obamacare, ""The IRS will have access to the American people’s protected health care information."" "
"that in his first two years, ""Wisconsin has seen its best two-year job growth in a decade."" "
"Of the roughly 15 percent of Americans who don’t have health insurance, ""half of them made more than $50,000 a year."" "
"I have the most Grammys of anyone my age, but I haven't won one against a white person. "
"""President Obama just granted all of Congress an exception"" to Obamacare. "
Matt Bevin has repeatedly failed to pay his taxes. 
"A United Nations working group has ""adopted a proposed agenda"" to enable member nations to ""disarm civilians within their borders."" "
"""Every (personhood) bill I’ve ever support has either had language that we’re conforming to the constitutional rulings of the Supreme Court or something to that effect."" "
"""If we use (Tax Increment Financing) funding, that's going to take funds from the general fund for Pinellas County, as it will take funds from the general fund for the city of St. Pete."" "
"the U.S. Postal Service has taken no taxpayer aid since 1971, funds operations entirely from the sale of stamps and related products and makes an ""operational profit year after year."" "
"""Unemployment has been on the rise throughout Wisconsin"" as Paul Ryan stepped up his advocacy of ""immigration increases."" "
some Austin school district classrooms lack electrical outlets. 
"""Texas women make an average of $8,355 less per year than men doing the very same job."" "
Houston National Cemetery is preventing Christian prayers from being said at military funerals. 
"Under Obamacare, people who ""have a doctor they’ve been seeing for the last 15 or 20 years, they won’t be able to keep going to that doctor."" "
A judge took the Star Scientific tax case away from Ken Cuccinelli 
"Greg Abbott ""converted over $1 million in federal grant money intended for use to prosecute online sexual predators and other cyber crimes and instead used it to harass and prosecute senior citizens who were assisting other senior citizens in applying for mail-in ballots."" "
"the 2014-15 state budget ""cut border security and funding to fight criminal gangs."" "
"Rick Scott ""increased tuition at our state colleges and universities by double digits."" "
 Georgia has the most lax gun laws in the nation. 
"""Even the employees’ union for the IRS -- the very people in charge of enforcing this law -- are begging to be let out from under this law."" "
"Oregon’s political tax credit is something ""every state should have and no other state does."" "
"""Our recent state budgets have far exceeded population and inflation growth."" "
"The sequester has ""already lost 1.6 million jobs."" "
"a Justice Department memo ""directs that you must openly embrace gay marriage and homosexuality."" "
"The ""most realistic estimates"" for jobs created by Keystone XL are ""maybe 2,000 jobs during the construction of the pipeline."" "
Ninety million Americans either aren’t working or aren’t looking for work. 
"""I was banned from talking about"" Bill Ayers during the 2008 presidential campaign. "
"HJM 20 ""was the only bill not assigned to a House committee."" "
"Under Obamacare, ""75 percent of small businesses now say they are going to be forced to either fire workers or cut their hours."" "
"""Rhode Island has the highest percentage of lawyers per capita in the country."" "
"""We have no idea what is contained in [electronic cigarette] vapor.""   "
"""U.S. Department of Homeland Security has told banks -- in writing -- it may inspect safe deposit boxes without warrant and seize any gold, silver, guns or other valuables it finds inside those boxes!"" "
"the reasoning behind Portland's high water and sewer rates is ""all kinds of ’pet projects’ unrelated to the core function of the water and sewer bureaus"" "
"The Republican-authored state budget includes a provision ""forcing people earning as little as $12,000 to buy private health insurance that could cost them as much as $4,000 per year."" "
"Patrick Murphy voted for Obamacare in 2010, ""yet he reversed himself and voted to delay"" the employer mandate and the individual mandate. "
"""In Providence, R.I., it's illegal to sell toothpaste and a toothbrush to the same customer on a Sunday."" "
"""Homicides against blacks have tripled"" since Florida’s ""stand your ground"" law has been in existence. "
"Dozens of artists, including Justin Timberlake, Jay Z and Rihanna, are canceling Florida shows like Stevie Wonder in protest of  ""stand your ground."" "
Obama policies contributed to gas prices rising from $1.89 in January 2009 to $3.51 today. 
" ""The president … by executive order"" could grant voting rights to illegal immigrants who are newly legalized under pending legislation. "
" A ""hidden"" provision in the health care law taxes sporting goods as medical devices. "
"""In his book, (Ken) Cuccinelli questions whether Medicare and Social Security should exist.""  "
" an investigative report concluded Ken Cuccinelli ""should have been prosecuted"" for disclosure violations, but Virginia's law was too weak. "
" Barack Obama is getting his nominees confirmed ""faster than President (George W.) Bush was at the same time in his second term."" "
"in Texas ""it's legal to shoot someone who's committing a ‘public nuisance’ under the cover of dark."" "
" Farming is ""one of the fastest growing areas of our economy."" "
"""In the 513 days between Trayvon dying, and today’s verdict, 11,106 African-Americans have been murdered by other African-Americans."" "
" ""This is the same (farm) bill we voted on a few weeks ago, with the exception of one or two sentences.""   "
" ""Private prison systems are calculating how many new beds (they will need) based on the ... number of third graders."" "
" ""Women still earn about 77 cents for every dollar a man earns for working the same job."" "
" In Rhode Island, 9 percent of workers use the state's temporary disability insurance program each year while in New Jersey, the rate is only 3 percent. "
" ""A little-known unit of the Department of Justice, the Community Relations Service, was deployed to Sanford, FL, following the Trayvon Martin shooting to help organize and manage rallies and protests against George Zimmerman."" "
"if Texas abortion measure passes, ""someone living in El Paso would have to drive 550 miles each way to San Antonio for something as simple as cervical cancer screening."" "
 Paula Deen supported and campaigned for Barack Obama. 
" ""Upwards of 90 percent"" of women seeking an abortion decide not to have an abortion after seeing an ultrasound. "
" Miami-Dade has ""the nation’s highest-rated tap water."" "
" Texas has more than 80,000 abortions each year. "
"""More Americans receive food aid than work in (the) private sector."" "
" ""I’m the only candidate for governor who’s rolled out any policies so far."" "
"Most Americans want ""traditional marriage,"" as defined by the Defense of Marriage Act. "
"Ohio budget item later signed into law by Gov. John Kasich requires women seeking an abortion to undergo a  ""mandatory vaginal probe."" "
" Obamacare ""will provide insurance to all non-U.S. residents, even if they are here illegally."" "
" The Senate immigration bill ""unleashes a massive increase in overall immigration. … We're talking about a population increase under the Senate bill of over 70 million people in 20 years."" "
 Women in the United States are paid about 70 percent of what men earn for the same work. 
"Ken Cuccinelli ""attacked churches for helping the poor."" "
" Rhode Island's graduated driving license ""has saved hundreds of lives."" "
" ""Abortion is the second-most conducted surgical procedure in this country."" "
" Terry McAuliffe ""opposes"" Virginia’s right-to-work law. "
" ""When I was growing up as a kid in the city of Milwaukee, if we averaged 4 homicides a year in the entire city that was a record number."" "
" ""Nearly 70 percent of all federal spending will go towards Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid"" in fiscal year 2014. "
 Michelle Nunn has praised the Occupy movement. 
" ""the mandate is 71 times that a child’s body will be injected with a disease"" for immunizations. "
" Arkansas Republican Rep. Tom Cotton voted to provide Congress with ""taxpayer-funded health care for life."" "
" The Southern Baptist Convention voted 13 years ago ""that women were inferior and had to be subservient to their husbands."" "
" The Senate immigration bill ""has immediate legalization ... and the border security is sometime in the future, and just like in 1986, it's designed never to come into being."" "
" The immigration bill ""has a specific provision that that Secretary Napolitano does not have to build any fence if she chooses not to.""   "
"unsuccessful Texas abortion legislation ""was supported by a majority of"" Texans.   "
" The immigration bill includes free ""Obamacars,"" motorcycles or scooters. "
" U.S. Rep. Phil Gingrey wants public schools to teach women to ""stay in their place."" "
" Under Republican-backed state budget, the state education agency estimates expansion of Wisconsin’s school voucher program ""could cost nearly $2 billion annually"" "
" Florida didn’t offer special incentives to Deutsche Bank, which announced it will add 300 jobs in Florida. "
" a ""rape kit"" can be used to ""clean out"" women, ""basically like"" dilation and curettage. "
" A study of private bail bond systems ""showed that Wisconsin has a higher no-show rate than other states"" of defendants skipping court appearances.   "
"""There are over 2,000 crimes recorded per 100,000 population in the U.K.,"" compared to ""466 violent crimes per 100,000"" in the United States. "
abortion increases the risk of breast cancer. 
" A monthly ""police and fire protection fee"" on all Wisconsin phone bills does nothing to support police and fire. "
" ""There is no statistical evidence that bail bonds increase the likelihood of those awaiting trial returning to court for their scheduled hearings."" "
" The state GOP ticket ""their top priority is a career-long mission to outlaw abortion in all cases and ban some common forms of birth control."" "
"the Obama administration plans to reduce the number of beds devoted to holding individuals violating immigration laws and to ""release hundreds of dangerous criminals into our communities."" "
" The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court ""is transparent."" "
" On immigration reform, Marco Rubio ""all along has been saying, 'We have to have border security first' "" and then ""he gets on Spanish TV, he ends up saying, 'No, no. That will never get in the way.' "" "
" A study ranked Florida ""No. 1 in government corruption"" under Gov. Rick Scott. "
" The Wisconsin Economic Development Corp. ""cannot account for creating one single job."" "
" The IRS scandal ""clearly showed some criminal behavior."" "
 New York has ‘bureaucrats telling you whether you can even drink a Big Gulp.’ 
" Rhode Island ""didn't ratify the 13th Amendment to the Constitution to pay federal income taxes. So Rhode Island doesn't even have to pay federal income taxes."" "
" If Gov. Rick Scott activates ""the National Guard in anticipation of a federal disaster, the state’s costs, including the costs to recall any furloughed guardsmen, will be fully reimbursable by FEMA."" "
" ""The United States has never stood by and seen innocent people slaughtered to the extent that's happening in Syria."" "
" ""The Government Accountability Office estimated (Obamacare) will add to the long-term deficit by $6.2 trillion."" "
" A data system that goes along with Common Core is designed to collect up to 400 data points on each child, which can include personally identifiable data. "
" ""Seventy percent of the people in the state of New Jersey want marriage equality."" "
" the success of his economic agenda is supported by the fact ""we went from unemployment at 9.2 percent when I decided to run for governor four years ago to two points lower."" "
" Wisconsin is ""not walking away from a dime"" in federal funds by rejecting the Obamacare Medicaid expansion. "
" a group ""estimates that the annual cost to Oregon taxpayers for government services to illegal aliens, after any income tax revenue from them, is $1 billion."" "
"""This president spends 30 times as much money on global warming research as he does on weather forecasting and warning."" "
 A hidden provision in Obamacare taxes sporting goods as medical devices. 
"""There hasn’t been a Republican in the legislature or the City Council in Providence in over 30 years."" "
" less than half of 1 percent of all the Texas legislators who ever served draw ""a benefit"" from pensions tied to the salaries of state district judges. "
" ""Having organizations parading as being social welfare organizations and then being involved in the political combat harkens back to why the statute a hundred years ago said that they were prohibited."" "
 two-thirds of groups targeted for IRS scrutiny were not conservative. 
"""One person, Kathleen Sebelius, was going to determine whether or not"" 10-year-old lung patient Sarah Murnaghan would live or die. "
Democratic Party created Planned Parenthood 
 Democratic Party created the Ku Klux Klan. 
" ""At age 76 when you most need it, you are not eligible for cancer treatment"" under Affordable Care Act. "
" Texas lawmakers agreed to cut state's rainy day fund in half, spending ""$4 billion from current $8 billion."" "
" Gov. John Kasich implied that a portion of workers’ compensation rebates to employers ""should be directed back to him in the form of campaign cash."" "
" ""During the Bush administration, liberal groups were targeted"" by the IRS, similar to recent targeting. "
" ""The average student comes out of college hundreds of thousands of dollars in debt."" "
" President Barack Obama is trying to ""pack"" the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals. "
" The National Rifle Association was ""founded by religious leaders who wanted to protect freed slaves from the Ku Klux Klan."" "
"the word ""Dhimmitude"" is on page 107 of the health care law and means ""Muslims are specifically exempted from the government mandate to purchase insurance."" "
" ""Republicans actually doctored emails between administration officials about Benghazi. Then, they released them to the press, trying to pass them off as real."" "
" U.S. Rep. John Barrow’s plan ""puts the IRS in charge of your health care."" "
" 13 Texas universities ""have announced or implemented a $10,000 degree."" "
"A bill to advance the Keystone XL Pipeline ""is an earmark"" under House rules. "
" ""Two weeks after signing a taxpayer protection pledge, (Charlie Crist) breaks it."" "
" ""Ronald Reagan’s signature on the 1986 amnesty act"" gave Barack Obama about 15 million additional Hispanic votes in 2012. "
" An 11-year-old girl was investigated by the FBI and had to pay a $500 federal criminal fine ""because she found an injured woodpecker and put it in a cage to make sure that the bird was OK."" "
" 70,000 children ""have lost their Head Start slots"" because of the sequester. "
" ""Half of all hospitalized seniors are suffering from malnutrition so severe that it either caused their illness or it prevents them from getting better."" "
" ""we allow more people into America legally than all other countries on the planet combined."" "
" ""We have one charter school that for seven years has been rated unacceptable."" "
 only 25 percent of Texas high school students graduate prepared for college or careers. 
" A law that mandates fingerprinting for gun purchasers is ""a requirement that's reduced gun crimes in the five states where it's the law."" "
"  ""Forty-six cents of every dollar"" Ohio could get for Medicaid expansion ""is going to come from China or some other country that doesn’t like us very much."" "
" Hillary Clinton ""was asked repeatedly to provide security in Benghazi on several occasions, including direct cables."" "
" A referendum ""gives the people the chance to decide"" on cutting the Milwaukee County Board budget by two-thirds "
 Texas high school graduates must pass Algebra II to be eligible for automatic admission to state's public universities. 
"The IRS is going to be ""in charge"" of ""a huge national database"" on health care that will include Americans’ ""personal, intimate, most close-to-the-vest-secrets."" "
" ""We are already almost halfway to our 2010 goal of creating 700,000 new jobs in seven years."" "
" The IRS is ""going to be in charge of our health care."" "
" A state report’s ""projection is that approximately half of public employees"" would live outside municipal boundaries in a decade if the state bans local residency requirements. "
" ""The IRS will have the ability potentially"" to deny or delay health care. "
" Historically, the Social Security tax has been assessed on about 90% of U.S. income. Now it captures 83% because there's been such a growth of income among the highest earners. "
"  ""Of our 98,000 teachers who are K-12, over 53,000 of those teachers today are over 50 years old."" "
"Boston Marathon bombing suspect Tamerlan Tsarnaev is buried ""not far"" from President Kennedy’s grave. "
" nearly 1 million people are ""coming to town"" in the next 20 years. "
"""We had people that were getting killed (in Benghazi), we had people who are willing to risk their lives to go save them, and somebody told them to stand down."" "
" ""Over the last several months, there was a review board headed by two distinguished Americans, Mike Mullen and Tom Pickering, who investigated every element of"" the Benghazi incident. "
" When Susan Rice spoke about Benghazi on Sunday news shows, she said ""that al-Qaida might be involved, or other al-Qaida affiliates might be involved, or non-al-Qaida Libyan extremists, which I think demonstrates that there was no effort to play that down."" "
" In Cranston, it costs $5,000 to $6,000 to send out community notifications on just one Level 3 sex offender. "
" ""Did you know that if you accepted the District's proposal today you would have NO pay increase for 4 years? Seven years of frozen wages = Disrespect."" "
" U.S. Rep. John Barrow of Georgia has helped support the implementation of ""Obamacare."" "
" ""In 2010, everybody said you can't dare let guns go into the national parks, and of course the rapes, murders, robberies and assaults are down about 85 percent since we did that."" "
" Employees in ""workplace freedom"" states make more money "
" In just six years, Georgia has dropped from first in the nation from a business-friendly legal climate to 24th. "
 only about 250 Texans have been killed in action since 9/11. 
" ""Pentagon confirms they may court martial soldiers who hold Christian faith."" "
 Gov. Rick Scott allowed Republican legislators to cut his teacher pay raise proposal by 60 percent. 
" ""Obama for President and Baldwin for Senate have kept their campaign offices up and running in Fox Valley, Eau Claire and La Crosse with their staffs preparing for the next battle."" "
" ""We have never gone a year in Virginia -- ever -- without passing a budget -- ever."" "
" Proposed gun control legislation ""will outlaw practically every firearm, make you pay $100 per firearm, put you into a police database"" and make it ""nearly impossible"" to get a permit to carry a concealed weapon. "
" Broward County was one of three counties in the nation ""pivotal to an Obama victory"" in 2012. "
" The U.S. Army had a training program that put ""evangelical Christians, Catholics and Mormons in the same category of religious extremism as we do al-Qaida."" "
" U.S. Sen. Lindsey Graham South Carolina ""has a labor shortage and wants more immigration."" "
"""Science has not shown greenhouse gases to be a problem."" "
" ""Ohioans want an end to pay-to-play politics."" "
" that in 2007, ""Oregon ranked 25th -- or 7th from the bottom -- in percentage of children with untreated decay compared to 32 other states with similar data."" "
" the fertilizer plant that exploded in West, Texas,""had not been inspected by the state of Texas since 2006."" "
" Accuses Ed FitzGerald of ""pay-to-play and corruption politics."" "
" ""Nearly 40,000 new jobs have been created in the last year due to the new wells . . . right here in Ohio."" "
" New Virginia regulations on abortion clinics ""provide the same sanitary environment we expect of dental offices."" "
al Qaeda has camps with the drug cartels in Mexico. 
" A recent study of a proposed cap-and-trade policy’s effect on Wisconsin consumers showed it could ""raise gasoline prices by 141 percent and electricity rates by 171 percent"" by 2030. "
" ""Every legislative district in the state has at least one craft brewery and countless home brewers."" "
" ""In barely four years in office, five jihadists have reached their targets in the United States under Barack Obama,"" compared to zero ""in over seven years after 9/11 under George W. Bush."" "
" ""Why is President Obama unnecessarily delaying your flight? FAA could cut other spending."" "
" ""Not one dime gets added to the deficit because of Social Security."" "
" ""Abortionists have reduced our black population by more than 25 percent since 1973."" "
"he has ""yet to get a response"" from Barack Obama to his August 2010 letter making border security requests. "
" ""Schools in some states are spending up to 100 days a year doing test-prep or actual testing."" "
" The Miami Dolphins ""are the only NFL team in the entire nation that pays property taxes."" "
" ""Demand for public transportation is reaching record levels in Wisconsin."" "
" If an individual is determined ""to commit suicide, the availability of a gun is not a factor"" because they will find a way. "
" ""If you compare the Portland Metro area to the CDC’s statewide cavity rates ... the Portland Metro area would actually rank as having the 15th lowest cavity rate in the U.S."" "
" Proposed immigration legislation would give new immigrants ""a taxpayer-funded cellular phone."" "
" The ""working tax cut"" created ""over 40,000 new jobs in just the last four years."" "
"The Manchin-Toomey amendment ""would have criminalized certain private transfers of firearms between honest citizens, requiring lifelong friends, neighbors and some family members"" to get government approval. "
" ""Well over 90 percent of felony cases, all over the nation, are committed by defendants who grew up in father-absent households."" "
" Ché Guevara ""wrote extensively about the superiority of white Europeans over people of African descent."" "
" Texas ""school systems"" lose 45 days a year on testing. "
" ""Gov. Scott Walker (is) more than halfway to (his) 250,000 jobs goal."" "
" uncompensated health care costs absorbed by Texas hospitals are adding $1,800 a year to Texas private insurance rates. "
" ""In 2010 alone, 1,270 infants were reported to have died following attempted abortions and notably that is only one year."" "
" a gun bill before the Senate ""is proposing the universal registration of all firearms and their owners."" "
" Under Obamacare, Virginia taxpayers would have been ""forced to pay for abortions"" if the General Assembly had not recently intervened.   "
"Wisconsin education agency ""urged white students to wear white wristbands ‘as a reminder about your (white) privilege.’ ""     "
" Abortion coverage is a standard insurance benefit ""in nearly 90 percent of private plans sold in the U.S."" "
" ""In 2012, 1 in 4 Wisconsin schools had a subpar score on the Department of Public Instruction’s recent report cards"" and are ""failing"" the children they serve. "
" Oregon’s high minimum wage is the reason why ""by 2011, Oregon's restaurants employed an average of only 13.8 workers, or 2.6 fewer employees than they did before the state's minimum wage began rising above the federal level in 1997."" "
" rejecting federal aid to expand Medicaid in Texas will ""send $9 billion in federal taxes paid by Texans to other states to insure their working poor."" "
" ""The people who were running the budget, in the Corzine years, decided to steal from the unemployment trust fund. … As did other Governors before. We simply don’t do that, haven’t done it, and won’t permit it."" "
" it’s ""an old wives’ story"" that Margaret Thatcher told George H.W. Bush not to go wobbly. "
" ""Congresswoman Frederica Wilson successfully postpones closure of the North Perry airport tower."" "
" ""Expanding Medicaid will worsen health care options for the most vulnerable among us in Texas."" "
" that his transportation budget and Ohio Turnpike plan ""would make sure we have lower tolls than we’ve had through the history of the turnpike."" "
" ""A report by the US General Accountability Office (GAO) in 2008 found that the disposal of Katrina wastes by AshBritt in the south resulted in the creation of contaminated sites along the Gulf Coast and two new Superfund sites in New Orleans."" "
" Assertions that it makes no difference whether children are raised by heterosexual or homosexual parents have been ""shattered by the latest and best social science and research."" "
" rabid animals from other states carry ""different strains of rabies"" that Florida ""vaccines and serums don’t affect."" "
" that under President Barack Obama’s health care law, ""your insurance"" premiums could go up by 200 percent and cost ""as much as a new Explorer."" "
" ""75 percent of the (air traffic control) towers the Obama Administration is closing are located in Republican Congressional Districts."" "
" ""Any legislative action that is taken now could very well be rendered completely null and void by the decision of the Supreme Court expected this June."" "
 the president of the University of Texas has raised four-year student graduation rates to 75 percent. 
" ""Almost 1,000 people a day"" are moving to Florida ""because they are more free here than they are in some other states."" "
" ""Only three in 10 Texas doctors are currently accepting new Medicaid patients."" "
" College students ""who are NOT U.S. Citizens and who get the PELL Grant"" plan to return to their home countries after getting free gas cards and child care. "
"U.S. greenhouse gas ""emissions are at 20-year lows."" "
the Democrats told the Catholic Church that they’ll use federal powers to shut down church charities and hospitals if the church doesn’t change its beliefs. 
" ""This (parent trigger) legislation was drafted by President Obama's top advisers. It was drafted by President Clinton’s top advisers."" "
" An annual income of $500,000 ""in Manhattan, believe it or not, is middle class."" "
"Every day, ""about 100 people will be arrested for possession of marijuana in Georgia."" "
"""Q: What do these ‘Patriotic' Americans have in common? A: They are all Draft Dodgers."" "
" Says, ""The Democrats' proposed budget is also balanced by using more in new tax revenue than in total PERS reform or savings."" "
 The Air Force wants taxpayers to fund a fantasy football league. 
" ""In the last two years, we have reduced the deficit by $2.5 trillion."" "
" Houston is ""home to more doctors, more nurses, more researchers than any other place in the world."" "
 bag litter increased after San Francisco banned single-use shopping bags. 
" ""Scientists tell us that we could have a cure in 10 years for Alzheimer's"" were it not for ""overzealous regulators, excessive taxation and greedy litigators."" "
" ""In the United States, 50 percent of social services are provided by the Catholic church."" "
" Of every ""three dollars in food stamps for the needy, seven dollars in salaries and pensions (go to) the bureaucrats who are supposed to be taking care of the poor."" "
" ""Nearly 25 percent of all automobile accidents are caused by texting while driving."" "
" U.S. Rep. Scott Rigell ""wants gun owners in a federal registration system."" "
" ""The incidents of threats against (President Barack Obama) are greater than for any other president in modern times."" "
" ""There is no clinical evidence that vaccinating healthcare workers protects patients."" "
"indoor workers get ""less UV than outdoor workers, but they get more melanomas."" "
" ""The Chinese government provides their people no access to the Internet."" "
" president is ‘spending $2.2 billion to give away ""ObamaPhones."" ’ "
" Eighty-five percent of Floridians who will benefit from expanding Medicaid are ""single, childless adults.""   "
" The fiscal cliff agreement was ""the largest tax increase in history.""   "
"""Super Bowl L by everybody's estimation is a $500 million economic impact to the state of Florida."" "
" ""Over the last 20 years, the world has changed. It used to be that one could make a career out of working for one company. Today, the average worker stays at his or her job for barely four years."" "
"""We have no regulation of drones in the United States in their commercial use."" "
" ""Governor Christie, his idea of jumpstarting the economy is to propose a trickle-down income tax cut last year and in his budget address this year, he stated his support for it again."" "
" ""Kurt Schrader supports Obama’s sequester … but won’t cut $1.6 million to fund new video games."" "
" ""The president is advocating a drone strike program in America."" "
" Of $60 billion Congress approved in response to Hurricane Sandy, ""only 10 percent was for disaster relief."" "
 Texas has the most uninsured people of any state -- 6 million. 
" A ""legacy of taxing and borrowing … crippled the economy we inherited two years ago."" "
 Gov. Rick Scott cut more government jobs than were created in the private sector in Florida in 2012. 
" Rick Scott called education not a ""core function"" of the state. "
" ""There's no plan from Senate Democrats or the White House to replace the sequester."" "
" Under Gov. Scott Walker’s public-school budgets, ""a student entering kindergarten will not enjoy the same state investment in his or her education as those that came before them until they are graduating from high school.""   "
" ""There's a tax credit of $2,400 to bond [former inmates] that an employer would get for hiring a convicted felon. There's a federal bonding program -- you can get $5,000 to $25,000 in federal money to hire a convicted felon. And there's federal grants for felons to set up their own small businesses."" "
" Due to the sequester, ""people are going to be unsafe. Homes are going to burn."" "
" ""There are literally teachers now who are getting pink slips"" because of sequestration. "
" the federal government is earning more tax revenue now ""than any other time."" "
"""Did you know that the #KeystoneXL project is expected to create 20,000 American jobs, including more than 800 in Oregon?"" "
"""This is a test of the fact-checking widget."" "
" If the sequester hits, federal prosecutors will have to ""let criminals go."" "
" ""In other jurisdictions where (a domestic partnership registry) has been enacted, we have seen that fewer people enter into marriage."" "
"""The National Science Foundation spent $1.2 million paying seniors to play World of Warcraft to study the impact it had on their brain."" "
" ""There’s more murders with hammers last year than...shotguns and pistols and AK-47s."" "
" Chuck Hagel’s nomination as defense secretary ""has been publicly celebrated by the Iranian government."" "
" after Hurricane Sandy, New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg ""refused to allow the National Guard into the city to restore civil order because Guardsmen carry guns!"" "
"""The president flagrantly defies the 2006 federal law ordering the construction of a secure border fence along the entire Mexican border."" "
" ""The group that supported the president’s health care bill the most? Latinos."" "
" ""There are more people killed with baseball bats and hammers than are killed with guns."" "
" ""If Oregon’s Legislature simply authorizes $450 million for the CRC, it will … leave Oregon holding the bag for a great deal more cost responsibility."" "
" ""Phoenix is already one of the kidnapping capitals of the world."" "
 Austin is the largest city in the U.S. without nonstop flights to Europe. 
" of a failed cloture vote on nominating Chuck Hagel for defense secretary: ""This is not a filibuster."" "
" ""Agriculture has always required a significant workforce from abroad."" "
" The United States does ""not have a system through which growers and dairies can bring a workforce legally into the U.S."" "
" Wisconsin's Supreme Court justices are ""deciding fewer opinions in civil and criminal cases than they used to."" "
" In Virginia ""there has been a billion dollars in surplus over the last three years. The legislature has spent less than 1 percent of that on roads."" "
" Employers and schools have no right to conduct ""surveillance of a dorm room or a worker’s cubicle."" "
"""Lots of studies seem to indicate that minors find it very easy to get marijuana, easier than to get alcohol."" "
"Wisconsin’s laws ""ranked the worst in the world for mining investment."" "
"""I was the first member of Congress to call him (Barack Obama) a socialist..."" "
" ""We have doubled the distance our cars will go on a gallon of gas."" "
" ""Throughout, we have kept Congress fully informed of our efforts"" to create a legal framework on counterterrorism. "
 Texas has the nation’s most uninsured residents. 
 he was the first local official to endorse Barack Obama 
"""When the Affordable Care Act was signed, 17 million American children"" had a pre-existing condition and were ""uninsurable."" "
" Except for Virginia, ""the other 49 states keep raising their gas tax."" "
" ""The brutal fact is, when it comes to education, America is slipping"" behind other nations. "
" Florida has ""the second-lowest (campaign) contribution limit in the entire country."" "
" ""This is the first time since Roe was decided in 1973 that a court has granted personhood status to the preborn."" "
" ""We’re taxing our small businesses now at rates higher than corporations."" "
" Wisconsin state lawmakers worked seven days in 2012 but got ""paid for a whole year."" "
" ""One-third of the gasoline is purchased by out-of-state people"" in Virginia "
"""Statistics show one male cat can father 420,000 kittens in five years."" "
 that 9 million to 50 million undocumented immigrants live in the United States. 
" his plan to raise car registration to $56 would still leave Virginia with a fee that’s ""equal to or lower than most states."" "
" ""the jurisdictions with the strictest gun control laws, almost without exception … have the highest crime rates and the highest murder rates."" "
"Research shows that ""a vast majority of arriving immigrants today come here because they believe that government is the source of prosperity, and that's what they support."" "
" ""I had to lay off 48 people last year,"" which has exacerbated the lack of law enforcement officers in the county that respond quickly to crime calls. "
" Chuck Hagel has called for ""an end to our nuclear program."" "
" ""When George Bush became president of the United States, 17 million people were in poverty. When he left, 30 million people were in poverty."" "
 A Paul Ryan-Scott Walker (or Scott Walker-Paul Ryan) ticket for the White House in 2016 would be unconstitutional because both men live in Wisconsin.   
" ""We just had someone last week in Neenah near a school kill someone with a bow and arrow."" "
"A Republican-sponsored Wisconsin mining bill ""will take at least seven years to create jobs.""   "
" ""Religious groups like Knights of Columbus have been forced to allow same-sex marriage ceremonies in their facilities, against their beliefs."" "
" ""Abortion clinics in Oregon, as in most states, have no state oversight and are not held to basic health or safety standards."" "
"Under President Barack Obama, ""8.3 (million) fewer Americans are working today than there were four years ago."" "
" U.S. Rep. John Barrow, D-Ga., celebrates gun ownership even in the face of school shootings. "
" Virginia economic development officials ""decided they didn’t want to bid on"" his company's electric automobile plant. "
" Chris Christie’s plan ""to kick-start our economy"" is to propose an ""income tax cut that disproportionately benefits the wealthy, and...he's still proposing it."" "
" ""Poverty levels (are) at an all-time high."" "
" Texas will be ""majority Hispanic in six years."" "
 Social Security has nothing to do with the federal deficit. 
"""The average age of first marijuana use is 12."" "
 she is a registered nurse. 
 Texas public school funding grew three times the rate of enrollment from 2002 to 2012. 
" ""In Minnesota, well over 6,200 election-day registrations from 2008 proved fraudulent."" "
" Members of Congress ""specifically exempted themselves from many of the laws they have passed, such as being exempt from any fear of prosecution for sexual harassment"" ... (and) from the healthcare reform."" "
" U.S. Senate candidate Todd Akin was ""partly right"" that a woman's body has a way of shutting down so that a pregnancy doesn't occur if she's raped. "
"""Semi-automatic weapons, whether pistol or rifle, were designed for use by the military on the battlefield."" "
" ""200 consumer laws were destroyed"" in 2011 when Gov. Scott Walker signed Act 92.   "
" ""The amount of money that we put into running our own state legislature is nearly as much as we put into the University of Rhode Island."" "
"Members of Congress can ""retire with the same pay after only one term"" in office "
 11 states have more people on welfare than employed. 
" Obamacare includes ""a $63 charge every American will begin paying (in 2013) as a way to cover some of the increased costs associated with providing health insurance to those with pre-existing conditions.""  "
" ""Our numbers are going up at the airport."" "
" ""While President Obama all options are on the table for preventing a nuclear Iran, Hagel military action is not a viable, feasible, responsible option."" "
 a federal plan to expand Medicaid would cost Florida taxpayers $26 billion over 10 years. 
 U.S. Sen. Saxby Chambliss votes more with Democrats than with conservatives. 
"""Hurricane Sandy, the most destructive Atlantic storm ever."" "
" ""Switzerland (where the government) issues every household a gun . . . has the lowest gun related crime rate of any civilized country in the world!!!"" "
 George Washington said a free people should be armed to guard against government tyranny. 
" ""The problem with raising tax rates on the wealthiest Americans is that more than half of them are small business owners."" "
" that under Texas law, it takes six years to close a failing school. "
" ""our economy in New Jersey gets $38 billion from the businesses at the Shore."" "
" ""The price tag amounted to nearly $4,200 for every man, woman and child in the state."" "
" ""[T]he Georgia Dome has returned $10 billion in economic impact to the state of Georgia."" "
" Charlie Crist and Missouri Rep. Todd Akin ""hold same abortion views. No exception except the life of the mother."" "
 Texas economy is about 30 percent larger than Australia’s. 
" ""If lawmakers fail to avert the fiscal cliff, 18 percent of the federal money that is sent to the states will be eliminated.""  "
" Thanks to actions by the Milwaukee County Board on the 2013 budget, the amount of county taxes on the average home in the city of Milwaukee ""would be a $19 decrease."" "
" ""Scott Walker has even removed the 250,000 jobs promise from his website."" "
" President Barack Obama’s Fiscal Year 2013 budget proposal ""couldn't get support from either party in the House or the Senate."" "
" Wisconsin has created ""just under 100,000"" jobs since he took office.   "
" ""If the House of Representatives fails to extend the middle-class tax cuts, 400,000 middle-class Rhode Island families will see their federal income taxes increase."" "
" Says, ""In the last four years we’ve cut $36 million in ongoing revenue."" "
"""In recent years, menhaden numbers along our coast have plummeted by 90 percent."" "
" ""More than 50 percent of those people getting minimum wage in this state are high school students."" "
 the Obama administration plans to ban all weapons for U.S. citizens through international treaties. 
 Social Security has not contributed to the debt and the deficits. 
 real estate taxes were put in place to pay for Obamacare. 
" Public employees receive ""something like 25 percent of the paychecks that are issued in Rhode Island."" "
" he first unveiled his new legislative agenda in Wisconsin, not in California as critics complain   "
" in January 1992, George H. W. Bush ""probably had a 90 percent or even higher approval rating after the first Gulf War."" "
" ""If you and I fail to defund ObamaCare now, some 16,000 new IRS agents will be begin prying into our private medical records, eyeing each and every one of our treatments and prescriptions for ""violations’."" "
" legislation supported by gay rights activists would strip ""mother"" and ""father"" from future Texas birth certificates. "
" the state is required ""pick up 70 percent of the cost"" of K-12 education. "
" ""National studies are already showing the negative effects that the health care law is having on businesses and our economy. Businesses across the country are raising their prices … (or) cutting jobs as a result of the added cost."" "
"Operating a health care exchange would be ""illegal"" in Georgia and some states because of legislation passed in those states. "
"""There is no evidence that poor people abuse drugs more frequently than any other socio-economic group.""   "
" The ""error rates"" for the Fulton County elections department are ""well below the average."" "
" Gov. Scott Walker has ""led people to believe that if Wisconsin doesn’t implement a (health-care) exchange, Obamacare doesn’t happen here.""   "
" because of Hurricane Sandy in Atlantic City ""much of that boardwalk no longer exists -- just the pillars where the boardwalk used to be.""   "
" ""Wisconsin is the only state that allows parents or guardians to purchase alcohol for their children – regardless of whether that child is seven or 20 years old – at bars and restaurants."" "
" A precinct in the Allen West-Patrick Murphy recount has ""7 registered voters in Guatemalan community and the tally showed 900 voted!!!!!"" "
" the initial Portland plastic bag ban represented ""only a modest share of total single-use checkout bag use."" "
" ""In one county alone in Ohio, President Obama received 106,258 votes. But there were only 98,213 eligible voters."" "
"""More Tennesseans have hunting and fishing licenses than vote."" "
" that with President Obama's re-election, state and federal income tax rates for some taxpayers will rise ""to roughly 65 percent."" "
" ""Clayton County offers the lowest operating millage rate in Metro Atlanta."" "
" Mike Dovilla supports a plan ""that could allow a foreign corporation to take over the Ohio Turnpike""  "
" that over the past 20 years, Texas public school spending rose 142 percent and per-pupil spending more than tripled when adjusted for inflation. "
" ""I was the first governor in America to endorse Mitt Romney."" "
" Jeb Bush ""extended early voting"" after seeing ""long lines."" "
" ""Mitt Romney made over a hundred million dollars by shutting down (a Marion, Ind. paper) plant."" "
" ""We have more hospitals that are children’s hospitals than any other state in the union.""  "
 Ovide Lamontagne wants to eliminate kindergarten. 
"""Sheldon Whitehouse [got] a secret closed-door briefing, warning of the [2008 economic] crash."" "
" during George W. Bush’s administration ""we were losing millions of jobs per month,"" while under Barack Obama we have ""three years of gaining hundreds of thousands of jobs per month."" "
"""After Patrick Murphy’s charges were dropped, Murphy’s father gave the prosecutor a huge campaign donation."" "
" Mitt Romney wants to ""get rid of Planned Parenthood."" "
"""Romney supported a law that could have made most common forms of birth control illegal."" "
" ""The Ryan budget gets rid of Medicare in 10 years and turns it into a voucher program."" "
" ""Bill Nelson actually voted in favor of higher taxes 272 times."" "
"that Sherrod Brown is an ""Obama rubber stamp"" for ""supporting the job-killing cap and trade plan."" "
 the NAACP's Ohio chapter has endorsed Issue 2. 
" opponent Chad Chadwell ""wants condom techniques demonstrated to your children."" "
" Sheldon Whitehouse voted for a ""$525-billion tax increase on the middle class."" "
" An Obama campaign tactic for rallying voters is to ""offer them cell phones."" "
" Charlie Bass supports Paul Ryan plan that forces seniors to pay $6,400 a year more for health care so millionaires can pay less in taxes. "
" she voted against the Medicare Part D prescription drug program ""because it was unfunded."" "
" Democrats first proposed prohibiting the government from negotiating prices for prescription drugs in Medicare Part D and he ""had nothing to do with"" that provision in the law. "
"Barack Obama ""sold Chrysler to Italians who are going to build Jeeps in China"" at the cost of American jobs. "
"Maggie Hassan pays zero property taxes on her $500,000 home. "
"Sherrod Brown ""voted six times to raise his own pay."" "
" ""New Jersey is the only state in the union that spent less on higher education than it did at the beginning of the decade."" "
" that ""when Congressman (Steve) Cohen took office in 2007, the unemployment rate was at 4.8 percent. The unemployment rate in Shelby County has reached 9.7 percent."" "
" ""Under President Obama: $4,000 tax hike on middle-class families."" "
" U.S. Senate rival Tommy Thompson ran Medicare ""into the ground"" and ""nine years closer to bankruptcy."" "
" when he was governor, ""most of the Democrats"" voted for his billion-dollar property-tax cuts, but U.S. Senate rival Tammy Baldwin ""voted against it.""   "
" ""Fast and Furious"" began under the Bush administration. "
" U.S. Senate opponent Tommy Thompson ""personally made over $3 million"" from a federal contract granted to his healthcare company, but left  9/11 first responders ""without the care they were promised.""   "
" ""Tammy Baldwin had the opportunity to vote to honor the victims of 9/11 and she voted against it."" "
" ""If Buehler were elected, our vote-by-mail system would be at risk."" "
 GM used taxpayer dollars to prop up operations in China. 
" Says Gov. John  Kasich incorrectly claimed Ohio’s economy was 38th in the nation when he took office. ""We were sixth in the nation in terms of economic job growth.""  "
" U.S. Senate candidate Tommy Thompson supports a plan for ""privatizing Social Security."" "
" ""The sequester is not something that I've proposed. It is something that Congress has proposed."" "
" U.S. Senate rival Tammy Baldwin supports a ""tax increase that President Obama says"" would cost middle-class families $3,000 per year.   "
" Chris Christie was ""behind"" in the polls against Jon Corzine during the 2009 governor's race. "
" Jim Renacci ""opposed increasing combat bonuses for our troops."" "
" Says, ""Carl proposed a 'windfall' tax on real estate development when he was a Metro Councilor."" "
" Barack Obama was silent on Iran ""when the students took to the streets in Tehran and the people there protested, (and) the Green Revolution occurred."" "
" ""Sherrod Brown supported President Obama's $453 billion tax increase."" "
" Elizabeth Townsend runs the elections office that omitted a school board race on a ballot and gave a School Board candidate ""faulty advice."" "
" Mitt Romney was clear that he ""would not provide government assistance to the U.S. auto companies, even if they went through bankruptcy."" "
" Tammy Baldwin introduced a bill that would require doctors and other health care workers to ask patients, ""including young children, whether they are gay, lesbian, bisexual, or if they know their gender identity."" "
" ""Virginia papers called (Scott) Rigell’s campaign ‘Mostly False.’"" "
" Ann McLane Kuster is ""for a government takeover of health care more radical than Obamacare. And she supports a $700 billion cut to Medicare for current retirees."" "
 U.S. Rep. Charles Bass wants to privatize Social Security. 
" ""Women who have miscarriages could be investigated by police"" under legislation supported by Republican state Senate candidate Rick Gudex. "
" ""There are more oil rigs in operation in the United States than the rest of the world combined."" "
"House Democrats ""voted to use your tax dollars for abortions"" by voting against bill defunding Planned Parenthood. "
" Tammy Baldwin ""voted to gut Medicare for seniors."" "
" As a Member of Congress, Chris Murphy ""was raking in $1 million in salary."" "
" he ""is the reason we do not pay a toll every time we pass over the bridge at MoPac and William Cannon."" "
" ""Regulations have quadrupled. The rate of regulations quadrupled under this president."" "
" Frank Guinta voted to make middle class taxpayers pay over a $1,000 more a year in taxes. "
" Connie Mack takes two homestead exemptions, ""directly contrary to Florida’s Constitution."" "
" ""Bill Nelson voted for higher taxes 150 times."" "
 Bill Nelson voted to cut $700 billion out of Medicare to pay for Obamacare. 
" Paul Ryan’s budget plan ""ends Medicare."" "
" Mitt Romney ""called the Arizona law a model for the nation."" "
"Barack Obama began his presidency ""with an apology tour."" "
" Patrick Murphy is trying to ""hide his drunken assault of a police officer."" "
" Adam Hasner ""gives the wealthy tax breaks worth $250,000 a year but hikes middle class taxes $2,000."" "
 six studies verify that the math adds up for Mitt Romney’s tax plan. 
" As governor, ""Mitt Romney raised nursing home fees eight times."" "
" the Obama administration ""watered down sanctions"" against Iran, delayed them and tried to stop Congress ""from putting the tough sanctions in place."" "
" economists Harvey Rosen and Martin Feldstein have said that ""paying for (Mitt) Romney’s tax cuts would require large tax increases on families making between $100,000 and $200,000."" "
" ""when I voted against [an increase in the minimum wage], it was in the 80s."" "
" ""The tax burden on Virginia families was lower under Tim Kaine than under George Allen."" "
" ""President Obama has worked to change Medicare for the worse"" by ""creating an unelected, unaccountable panel with the power to deny coverage of certain treatments."" "
" "" … if the Agreement goes into effect, the millions of Mexican citizens who will become eligible for Social Security benefits may have a far stronger claim to benefits and protection against cuts than U.S. citizens!"" "
" Signs letter saying Consumer Product Safety Commission is acting ""without consultation or input from the company"" to stop the sale of Buckyballs. "
" Signs letter saying Consumer Product Safety Commission is acting ""without consultation or input from the company"" to stop the sale of Buckyballs. "
" the U.S. Senate has passed ""a budget"" over the last three years ""called the Budget Control Act."" "
" ""By voting to approve [Question 1], we can . . . save 900 jobs"" at Twin River. "
" Julie Parrish ""voted to divert $160 million from public schools to private for-profit schools."" "
" Joe Biden ""went to China and said that he sympathized and wouldn't second-guess their one-child policy of forced abortions and sterilizations."" "
" ""We weren't told they wanted more security "" for diplomatic facilities in Libya. "
 Obama was in New York City the same day as Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu but went on a TV show instead of meeting with him. 
 the Obama administration spent taxpayer dollars on electric cars in Finland (and) windmills in China. 
 Obama promised unemployment would never go above 8 percent. 
" ""When Congress voted to condemn Iran for sentencing a Christian pastor to death, (U.S. Rep. Lois) Capps was the only member who voted no."" "
" ""Repealing and replacing Obamacare – that’s going to save $1 trillion over a 10-year period."" "
" A member of the redistricting commission proposed in Issue 2 ""could accept a bribe from somebody"" and ""couldn’t be removed from this commission."" "
"""Newgard owed more than $13,000 for unpaid taxes on his $1 million Milwaukie apartment complex."" "
" Bill Nelson sold agricultural land ""for home development, pocketing at least $1.4 million."" "
" Romney wants to ""take away early childhood education, slash K-12 funding, and cut college aid … to pay for a $250,000 tax break for multi-millionaires."" "
" ""We confer more PhDs each year than any other university in America except Berkeley.""   "
" Tammy Baldwin supports a law ""in which government will take over your decisions on medicine, on doctors and on hospitals."" "
" ""We need a Senator who shows up to work. Sherrod Brown missed over 350 official votes."" "
" Mitt Romney plans to ""fire"" Big Bird. "
" Romney invested in a firm that made goods in China that ""could have been made here in America."" "
" Bill Nelson ""cast the deciding vote for Obamacare cutting Medicare spending by $700 billion and letting an unelected board decide what gets covered here.""  "
" U.S. Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse ""rewarded Wall Street executives with millions in bonuses."" "
" ""This is what President Obama said the jobless rate would be if we passed the stimulus: 5.6 percent."" "
" Gov. Nathan Deal ""has taken at least $15,600 from the (Koch brothers), their businesses, and their employees."" "
" ""Congressman Cicilline, when he was the mayor of Providence, espoused a sanctuary city."" "
" Under Barack Obama, the U.S. now has the ""lowest workforce since (President Jimmy) Carter."" "
" Eric Cantor ""took $5 million from Sheldon Adelson,"" a Las Vegas casino owner. "
 Less than 10 percent of President Barack Obama’s Cabinet members have private-sector experience. 
" ""All legislative mail, from the content to the timing, is approved by the speaker's office."" "
" ""When Congressman Langevin took office, gas was around $1.70 per gallon, and now it is near $4 per gallon."" "
 U.S. Senate opponent Tommy Thompson favors raising taxes on small businesses. 
" ""If Gov. Romney's plan goes into effect … the average senior would have to pay $460 a year more in tax for their Social Security."" "
" ""In one year, (President Obama) provided $90 billion in breaks to the green energy world … into solar and wind, to Solyndra and Fisker and Tesla and Ener1."" "
 50 million people would lose their health insurance if Obamacare is repealed. 
"President Obama has ""doubled"" the deficit. "
" ""Carol Shea-Porter … wants to increase taxes on small business and job creators."" "
" ""Pre-existing conditions are covered under my (health care) plan."" "
" ""I never supported"" a state income tax for Texas.   "
" U.S. Senate opponent Tammy Baldwin supported a federal budget ""that spent trillions -- not billions, trillions -- more money than the Obama budget."" "
" ""Under Gov. Romney's definition ... Donald Trump is a small business."" "
" Because of Obamacare, ""over the last two years, health care premiums have gone up -- it's true -- but they've gone up slower than any time in the last 50 years."" "
" ""Right now, the (Congressional Budget Office) up to 20 million people will lose their insurance as Obamacare goes into effect next year."" "
"""(Barack Obama) he’s going to reduce the long-term debt and deficit by $4 trillion, doesn’t say how he's going to do it."" "
 Eric Cantor voted to assure Congress would be paid if the government shut down and against guaranteeing troops would be paid. 
" Barack Obama ""put in place a board that can tell people ultimately what treatments they're going to receive."" "
" Adam Hasner said he will never accept a pay increase, but he voted to raise his pay four times. "
" Ohio's Issue 2 will create a redistricting commission that will ""have a blank check to spend our money."" "
"""One of the first states in the union to pass a voter ID bill was Rhode Island, 85 percent Democratic legislature."" "
" President Barack Obama ""already passed all these Obamacare taxes. About a dozen of them hit middle-income taxpayers."" "
" The Obama administration’s ""green"" stimulus program ""funneled close to $2 billion dollars to overseas firms,"" creating thousands of jobs in China. "
 Mitt Romney’s investments created zero jobs. 
" the ""public option"" considered in the health care law backed by U.S. Senate candidate Tammy Baldwin was ""wildly unpopular.""   "
" 7,000 millionaires ""gamed the system to pay no income taxes."" "
" ""Bob Menendez actually voted in favor of higher taxes more than 70 times!"" "
" Brendan Doherty wants ""to repeal Obamacare, increasing drug prices for seniors."" "
" ""The Doherty Campaign, unlike the Cicilline Campaign, is funded mostly by individual donors -- not the big PACs that Cicilline relies on."" "
"Illinois Democrat David Gill ""would end Medicare."" "
" Daniel Webster ""used taxpayer funds to build a lobbyist lounge."" "
"the government has ""gotten the TARP money back plus a profit."" "
" ""Tea Party Congressman Frank Guinta voted for billions in cuts to veterans programs."" "
" ""Over the last four years, the deficit has gone up, but 90 percent of that is as a consequence of"" President George W. Bush’s policies and the recession. "
" ""Barack Hussein Obama will … force doctors to assist homosexuals in buying surrogate babies."" "
"Obama is only president in history who has deliberately removed the words ""endowed by their Creator"" when referring to the Declaration of Independence. "
" ""We have more people working in the state of New Jersey today than we've ever had in our history."" "
" ""Barack Hussein Obama will ... force local authorities to allow Occupy protesters to live in parks."" "
" ""Barack Hussein Obama will ... force Christian schools to hire non-Christian teachers."" "
" ""Barack Hussein Obama will .. force Christian organizations to pay for abortions."" "
" ""Barack Hussein Obama will ... force courts to accept Islamic Sharia law in domestic disputes."" "
" Josh Mandel ""is lying about his own record. The rating of Ohio's investment fund has NOT improved."" "
" that ""you can’t destroy the guns purchased in a (gun) buyback program as the city (of Memphis) wants to do."" "
"there are ""fewer jobs in America today than when Barack Obama became president."" "
" ""One of the state’s largest governments made charging this tax one of their top priorities just this year."" "
 Obama sent $450 million to China to build a wind farm in Texas. 
 Barack Obama has added $16 trillion to the national debt. 
" College tuition ""costs have risen by 25 percent under the Democrats."" "
" ""Bill Nelson voted for a ban on millions of commonly owned firearms, which included many popular hunting and target rifles."" "
" Romney tax plan ""could take away middle-class deductions for child care, mortgages and college tuition."" "
" ""We have more natural gas than Saudi Arabia has oil."" "
" ""the governor is going around the state talking about [how] we should fund an income tax cut"" that benefits higher income earners and not lower income earners "
" ""Tim Kaine announced he wants to raise taxes on everyone."" "
" U.S. House opponent Paul Ryan supports ""cutting funding for veterans by 24 percent."" "
" the ""number-one source"" of illegal immigration ""is people legally coming to the United States on a tourist visa or a student visa and then disappearing into the population and never being heard from again."" "
" James Langevin ""has received almost $20 million from taxpayers and special interests to use at his own discretion to supposedly champion Rhode Island’s needs."" "
" a voter-adopted constitutional amendment ""instructed"" a state board headed by Jerry Patterson to put $300 million in investment earnings into a fund supporting public school operations.   "
" ""Eight million Americans have dropped out of the work force since (Barack) Obama became president. ... The real unemployment rate is 19 percent."" "
" U.S. Senate candidate Tommy Thompson ""admitted"" that Washington, D.C., ""changed"" him into an insider selling his influence to make millions from powerful special interests. "
" ""Redistribution"" has ""never been a characteristic of America."" "
" ""if we do nothing and continue to let Obamacare siphon off that $700 billion dollars off the top of it, Medicare goes away in less than 10 years -- certain accounts of it -- and it just falls apart at the seams."" "
" ""President Obama has no plan to reduce the deficit, let alone pay down the debt."" "
" ""The president went on a stimulus-fueled spending binge that stuck every American man, woman and child with a $50,000 share of this $16 trillion debt."" "
" The ""48, 49 percent"" that supports President Barack Obama are ""people who pay no income tax."" "
" ""Portland Schools spend $500K to deem PB&J sandwiches racist."" "
" President Obama promised ""he'd keep unemployment below 8 percent"" if the stimulus passed. "
 The significant drop in Florida’s unemployment rate is a good economic sign. 
" An aide ""acted on his own"" and ""was not representing the Thompson campaign"" when he sent an email criticizing the sexual orientation of U.S. Senate candidate Tammy Baldwin. "
" ""Sen. Bob Menendez voted to enact a new tax on the sale of homes of 3.8%."" "
 Says  Sherrod Brown’s campaign attacked Josh Mandel’s military service 
" Medicare ""premium support"" backed by Republican vice presidential candidate Paul Ryan ""is not vouchers."" "
" Defends his vote to push ""retirement age to 70"" by saying he is for ""a process"" that would not be fully implemented until ""around the turn of the century."" "
" David Cicilline is ""the 5th most liberal person in the House of Representatives."" "
" Republican U.S. Rep. Sean Duffy ""voted against paying our soldiers"" and ""against increasing combat pay"" while voting ""to protect his own pay."" "
" Congressman Jon Runyan has a ""plan to raise Medicare costs $6,400 a year."" "
" The reason 29 states no longer have a death tax ""is that the tax damaged their economic competitiveness."" "
 five studies show his tax plan can cut rates and still bring the same revenue without raising taxes on the middle class. 
" Under Obama, home values in Florida collapsed, construction jobs were lost and the state had a high foreclosure rate. "
"David Cicilline was ""required to provide key information about city finances to an independent outside auditor. The deadlines were clear -- yet [he intentionally] missed them by months"" until after the November 2010 election. "
 Rush Limbaugh made it clear he’d rather see the country fail than President Barack Obama succeed. 
" ""The president promised that if he spent money on a stimulus program that unemployment would go to 5.7 percent or 6 percent. Those were his words."" "
" Ann Kuster ""supports the government takeover of healthcare, which robs Medicare of over $700 billion."" "
" President Barack Obama ""built this $16 trillion debt."" "
" Voter identification laws make it complicated and expensive to get an ID, essentially instituting a modern-day poll tax. "
" that if Texas, California and New York all voted for Democratic presidential nominees, ""it would be mathematically impossible for Republicans to elect a president."" "
" ""This would be the largest casino in the United States."" "
" ""We've doubled our use of renewable energy."" "
" ""We know there are more Democrats in Georgia than Republicans. We know that for a fact."" "
 Charlie Bass forfeits right to equal cost for TV ads under FCC rules 
" ""under Oregon law, girls from 15 years of age and up are given complete control over whether to be sterilized or not."" "
" The ""Health Care Compact bill would end Medicare's guaranteed benefit for Tennessee's Medicare recipients and shift management of the federal health care plan to the state's TennCare program."" "
"""The auditor [for the city of Providence] was not locked out"" of access to the city's finances. "
" When Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid were created, ""Republicans stood on the sidelines"" "
Mitt Romney asked for a waiver from federal welfare rules. 
"House Republicans ""tried to change the definition of rape."" "
" When it comes to jobless workers, ""Mitt Romney he likes to fire people."" "
"she was misquoted and ""didn’t say"" that the Israeli ambassador said ""what the Republicans are doing is dangerous for Israel."" "
" ""We will spend $100 billion in Afghanistan this year, fixing roads, building bridges, training police officers, and more, [and] cutting the same things in our own country."" "
 Barack Obama is a Muslim.   
"Chris Christie was the ""first governor in America to endorse"" Mitt Romney. "
" Gov. Chris Christie has embarked on a tour to ""demand that New Jersey’s Democratic legislature approve an immediate tax cut that would disproportionately benefit the wealthiest."" "
 U.S. military uniforms are manufactured in China. 
" that when Democrats controlled Congress and the White House, federal spending as a share of the Gross Domestic Product leapt from 18.2 percent in 2001 to 25.2 percent in 2009 -- the largest such increase in any eight-year period since World War II.  "
" ""When Tim Kaine was governor, spending soared, blowing holes in the budget every year."" "
" Barack Obama began his presidency ""with an apology tour."" "
" President Barack Obama has ""weakened the respect for America abroad."" "
" Clackamas County Commissioners ""approved a re-negotiated agreement to lower the county’s contribution to TriMet’s Portland-Milwaukie Light Rail project to $19.9 million from $25 million.""  "
" President Obama’s education ""solution"" includes an effort to ""nationalize curriculum."" "
" Connie Mack IV co-sponsored a bill to ""take a third of the Social Security Trust Fund ... give it in individual accounts to the senior citizens, who then were to invest it in the stock market."" "
"the national health care law puts federal ""bureaucrats between an American citizen and her doctor."" "
" that as Providence’s mayor, David Cicilline said the city had a ""world-class … school system. Not only did Providence not have a world-class school system but as measured, was amongst the last school system in the entire country."" "
 President Barack Obama broke his promise to keep a Wisconsin GM plant from closing. 
" President Obama ""funneled"" $716 billion out of Medicare ""at the expense of the elderly."" "
" The Obama administration ""even proposed banning farm kids from doing basic chores!"" "
" Barack Obama has ""never even worked in business."" "
" When his grandfather arrived in the United States, ""there were no government benefits for immigrants."" "
" ""Mitt Romney’s platform ...won't protect the mortgage interest (tax) deduction for middle-class families."" "
 most Texas schools spend 45 out of 180 school days in mandated testing. 
" ""A report just came out that if we continue with President Obama's policies, we're looking at over 9 percent unemployment next year in the fourth quarter."" "
" The health care law imposes a federal mandate requiring middle-class Americans to buy health insurance ""whether they can afford it or not."" "
" President Obama has waived ""the work requirement for welfare."" "
" ""Household income in America has gone down for families an average of $4,000 in the last four years"" while it "" went up $5,000"" under Mitt Romney when he was governor of Massachusetts   "
" In the past 27 months, President Barack Obama has created more private-sector jobs than ""in the Reagan recovery."" "
" that Tennessee Gov. Bill Haslam ""has made it clear by his repeated actions that he will pursue a policy that promotes the interest of Islamist (sic) and their radical ideology as long as he is governor."" "
" ""This year, Eric Cantor has received more money from oil companies than any other member of Congress."" "
 The state government workforce grew when Tim Kaine was governor. 
 The price of gasoline was at $1.85 a gallon when President Barack Obama took office and has since nearly doubled because of his policies 
" Betty Sutton and House Democrats ""gutted"" Medicare by $741 billion to pay for Obamacare. "
" ""Your Congressman, Charlie Bass, took over $166,000 from Big Oil."" "
" Obama puts ""15 unelected, unaccountable bureaucrats in charge of Medicare, who are required to cut Medicare ... that will lead to denied care for current seniors."" "
" U.S. Senate hopeful Tammy Baldwin voted for a $1 trillion stimulus bill that included a wasteful ""$800,000 to replace light bulbs."" "
" ""In Florida, they're already talking about how the Ryan-Romney plan will end Medicare and replace it with a voucher."" "
" The Obama administration ""leaked information, deliberately or otherwise, that led to the identification of the Pakistani doctor that helped us in achieving our goals and killing bin Laden."" "
"""I led the fight to require the Coast Guard to buy their engines from us, not foreign companies."" "
"Tim Kaine supported ""higher energy costs for families."" "
" an appointed board created under Obamacare ""will have the ability to come between you and your doctor in determining the best treatment options for you!""        "
House Republicans spent $50 million on 33 votes to repeal Obamacare. 
" ""Days after the (Osama bin Laden) raid, Hollywood was invited into the White House so that they could receive a briefing"" that revealed intelligence sources and methods. "
" Bill Nelson ""voted to raise our taxes 150 times."" "
" Ted Cruz is ""unknown to the vast majority of Texans.""   "
" Gov. Scott Walker ""raises the pay of inmates, but we don't raise the pay of staff in our correctional institutions."" "
" Reps. Rush Holt, Frank Pallone and Bill Pascrell are ""willing to jeopardize seniors’ access to coverage by gutting $741 billion from Medicare"" to pay for a ""big-government healthcare takeover."" "
" he ""never supported"" federal health care individual mandate. "
" she does the jobs of state auditor, secretary of state and lieutenant governor ""for less than the price of one of them"" in Washington state. "
" ""13,000 Floridians are able to vote -- but their governor won't tell them."" "
" Claims Joe Biden said ""coal is more dangerous than terrorists.""  "
" President Obama said of the national debt, ""If I don't have this done in three years, then there's going to be a one-term proposition."" "
" Barack Obama ""robbed Medicare (of) $716 billion to pay for ... Obamacare."" "
" ""(Brendan) Doherty wants to raise the eligibility age for Social Security benefits for anyone born after 1960, with no regard for the challenges it would cause for people working in physically demanding occupations."" "
" U.S. Rep. Martin Heinrich ""spent a trillion of our tax dollars on a stimulus for failed companies here and jobs overseas."" "
"""Mitt Romney is the first major party candidate for president of the United States in modern times not to release at least 12 years of tax returns."" "
 Josh Mandel bet against Ohio families 
"Mitt Romney said at a January 2012 debate that under Paul Ryan’s tax plan, ""I’d have paid no taxes in the last two years.""   "
 state Senate candidate Aaron Bean voted to give health care subsidies to illegal immigrants. 
" ""We actually made history in 2010. We came the closest in 24 years to defeating Frank Pallone."" "
" The Obama administration is ""unwinding our nation’s welfare-to-work requirements."" "
" Sherrod Brown ""sent billions of our tax dollars to foreign countries."" "
" the federal government ""mandates transexuals (sic) and homosexuals grabbing children in their stranger-danger zones in the name of airport security.""  "
" ""I didn’t try to push"" a bill to reduce lottery scholarship proceeds for students. "
" library district would come ""at no direct cost to the city budget."" "
" Ron Saunders ""made the choice to stand with Rick Scott"" on expanding school vouchers, restricting scholarships and giving tax breaks to the wealthy. "
" Tommy Thompson favors Obama's health care mandate, was publicly thanked by Obama for health reform support and that Thompson ""we can't repeal 'Obamacare.'"" "
"  ""I have voted every year in Wisconsin."" "
" A United Nations arms treaty would ""almost certainly force"" the U.S. to ""create an international gun registry, setting the stage for full-scale gun confiscation."" "
" ""Gov. Romney himself, with 28 other Republican governors, supported policies that would have eliminated the time limits in the welfare reform law and allowed people to stay on welfare forever."" "
 Mitt Romney and Bain Capital are to blame in a woman’s premature death when they closed the plant where her husband worked. 
" Bill Nelson’s vote for the Affordable Care Act ""cuts $500 billion from Medicare to pay for new government programs."" "
" As Florida secretary of state, Kurt Browning ""allowed 1,800 illegal voters to register in Florida."" "
" ""One of the key things about Leonard Lance is that in 2008, when you look at [the] Project Vote Smart website, he was not for guns. Now he has gone too far to the right, saying that you can carry concealed weapons in national parks."" "
" ""In June, jobless ranks were higher in nearly 90 percent of U.S. cities."" "
" he never voted for a ""tax increase."" "
"""Under Obama’s plan (for welfare), you wouldn’t have to work and wouldn’t have to train for a job. They just send you your welfare check."" "
" Medicare insurance premiums will be rising to ""$120.20 per month in 2013 and $247.00 per month in 2014."" "
 President Obama’s lawsuit claims it is unconstitutional for Ohio to allow servicemen and women extended early voting privileges during the state’s early voting period. 
" ""Without Westside MAX, we’d need to add 2.9 lanes to the Sunset Highway.""  "
 Mitt Romney did not pay taxes for 10 years. 
" that President Obama said that ""Small Businesses Succeed Because of Government."" "
 his plan to end the toll on Ga. 400 fulfills his campaign promise to commuters. 
" Congressman Jon Runyan does not want to cut taxes for the middle class, but only for millionaires. "
" ""The president’s health care law raids Medicare by more than $500 billion and creates a Medicare rationing board — a group of 15 unelected bureaucrats — to slow the growth of Medicare spending."" "
" In 2010, Betty Sutton ""voted to destroy Medicare."" "
" The Congressional Budget Office ""has already doubled its estimate for the cost (of Obamacare) so far from roughly $800 billion to $1.7 trillion."" "
"""U.S. Olympic medal winners will owe up to $9,000 to the IRS."" "
" ""Foreign Chinese prostitution money is allegedly behind the groups funding Congressman Scott DesJarlais's (TN-04) Republican Majority."" "
 U.S. Senate candidate Eric Hovde has ‘no problem with raising taxes.’   
"After the 9/11 terrorist attacks grounded commercial air traffic, ""there was a temperature drop while the airplanes weren't flying, for the week afterwards."" "
" ""The president's first major foreign policy speech in Cairo was to apologize for our country."" "
" President Ronald Reagan sent troops into conflict ""only in one circumstance, which was in Grenada … We were in a peacekeeping setting in Lebanon."" "
"Embryonic stem cell research is at a ""dead end, with no one good example of a successful treatment."" "
" ""millions of dollars in tax breaks"" were paid for ""by busting unions, cutting BadgerCare, and raising taxes on the poor and the middle class, thanks to Elizabeth Coggs' help."" "
"""The White House has three staff calligraphers making between $86,000 and $97,000 each, and just one National Security Director. She makes $55,000."" "
" FCAT tests ""account for less than 1 percent of the instructional time provided during the year.""   "
" ""What I look at every month is how many more New Jerseyans are back to work. You have another 9,900 last month that are back to work and over almost 90,000 that are back to work now since I became governor."" "
"his ""patents in ultrasound have revolutionized modern medicine.""  "
" A study showed that President Barack Obama’s health-care reforms will ""devastate Wisconsin"" by pushing people off employer-sponsored insurance, driving up premiums, increasing dependency and making 122,000 people ineligible for Medicaid. "
" Democrats racked up a $1 billion state deficit, while Republicans under Bill O'Brien balanced the budget. "
" ""The voting public had no say"" in the Atlanta region’s proposed transportation project list. "
 U.S. is giving seven Alaskan islands to Russia. 
" Donna Campbell is pushing a 35 percent sales tax extending to medicine, groceries and real estate. "
 Romney had the uniforms for the 2002 Winter Olympic games made in Burma. 
" ""Diane Black voted to fund Obamacare."" "
" PolitiFact ""validated and independently documented"" its ""criminal history"" claims about Adan Ballesteros. "
" U.S. Rep. Sean Duffy is among seven ""Tea Party freshmen"" who ""spent an average of $15,000 on cars for themselves.""  "
" President Obama was saying success ""is the result of government,"" not ""hard-working people,"" when he said, ""If you've got a business, you didn't build that. Somebody else made that happen."" "
" Mitt Romney ""backed a bill that outlaws all abortions, even in cases of rape and incest."" "
" Barack Obama ""counted on Sandy Adams"" to approve stimulus spending. "
" ""This year in Congress (Connie Mack IV) has missed almost half of his votes."" "
" ""Obamacare"" is the ""biggest tax increase in American history."" "
" The health care law includes ""a 3.8% sales tax"" on ""all real estate transactions."" "
" President Barack Obama ""doubled the national debt, which had taken more than two centuries to accumulate, in one year."" "
" ""When Josh Mandel claims to have accepted three debates with Sen. Sherrod Brown, he is lying. He has accepted ZERO proposed debates."" "
 Texas proved in court that more than 200 dead people voted in the latest Texas election. 
" Michael Cargill was ""arrested and incarcerated in Bell County."" "
" Gov. Bill Haslam is ""making our Economic Development department Sharia compliant"" by hiring a woman ""who specializes in Sharia compliance. That’s what her job is."" "
" A proposed tax to fund transportation projects would spend $90,000 to take a single vehicle off the road during the morning and afternoon commute. "
" Stimulus dollars paid for ""windmills from China."" "
" ""Obamacare"" is ""the largest middle-class tax increase in history."" "
" ""I used my line-item veto authority to veto $360 million dollars in special interest spending, so that our budget this year ... is still smaller than the fiscal year 2008 and 2009 budgets signed by my predecessor."" "
" The Pasco County budget ""has doubled in the past three years."" "
" President Barack Obama ""has not raised taxes."" "
" ""Obamacare"" represents ""the largest tax increase in the history of the world."" "
" he could be ""the first president in modern history to be outspent."" "
 stimulus money went to buy electric cars from Finland as a payback to Obama supporters. 
" The Affordable Care Act ""will likely go down as the biggest tax increase in history."" "
" raising the state income tax rate on millionaires to offset property taxes for other residents is ""not a tax increase. It's a tax shift."" "
"it's not ""accidental"" that the villain in the Batman movie is named Bane. "
" Every ""major newspaper in Texas calls"" David Dewhurst ""a moderate.""   "
" ""If you have ever visited Nashville or Washington D.C. you will see MANY names and initials carved into ... desks.""   "
" Mitt Romney’s carried interest income was a tax ""trick."" "
"Debbie Wasserman Schultz ""has these offshore accounts"" like Mitt Romney. "
" ""the money is in the budget"" to give a tax break to ""everyone,"" including people making more than $1 million. "
" Mitt Romney ""the Arizona immigration law should be a model for the nation.""   "
The media won’t publish a real photo of Trayvon Martin with tattoos on his face. 
" ""If you make more than $250,000 a year … you only really take home about $125,000."" "
" The health care law ""adds around $800 billion of taxes on the American people. It does not discriminate between rich and poor."" "
"""Bill O'Brien's Tea Party legislature tried to repeal kindergarten and compulsory education, defund Planned Parenthood and eliminate insurance coverage for birth control."" "
" ""Foreign Chinese prostitution money is allegedly behind the groups funding Congressman Sean Duffy’s Republican Majority."" "
" ""New Jersey today has fewer employees in state government than it had when Christie Whitman left office in January of 2001, and I think that’s good. And we did it without any layoffs. We did it through attrition."" "
" Because of the health care act, ""The people who have health care and like it in this county are not going to be able to keep what they have."" "
" ""The state of Ohio has one of the lowest unemployment rates in the nation right now and is leading the pack in terms of job creation."" "
" Funding the federal health care law without a tax hike will ""require the state to cut nearly a quarter of its annual budget."" "
" ""We are not producing jobs. We created 80,000 jobs last month. We don't talk about the jobs that we lost. The net of it all is that we lost jobs."" "
" President Obama’s health care law ""when you sell your house now you have to pay a 3.8 percent tax."" "
" ""America used to be the third easiest country to get established in a business. It's now number 17."" "
" ""83% of doctors have considered leaving the profession because of #Obamacare."" "
" ""For his first interview as president, Barack Obama chose Arab TV for an apology."" "
"The United States can immediately tap a domestic energy resource of ""more than 1.5 trillion barrels of oil, six times more than Saudi Arabia."" "
" New Jersey’s tenure law ""has now been reformed to say that if teachers get two years of partially effective or ineffective ratings they lose tenure."" "
" ""Foreign Chinese prostitution money is allegedly behind the groups funding Congressman Jim Renacci’s Republican majority."" "
" The health care law could cost up to $2 trillion, ""double what we were promised."" "
" The health care law ""imposes the largest tax increase in history on the middle class."" "
" ""Bill Nelson was the deciding vote"" on the health care law. "
" President Barack Obama’s health care reform ""slashed $500 billion from Medicare."" "
" as a result of the national health care reform, ""the Congressional Budget Office we save $250 million over the first 10 years. Over the next 10 years, we save $1.2 trillion in savings in terms of health care."" "
" The health care law is ""the largest tax [increase] in the history of our country"" "
" Gov. Rick Scott ""tried to kick 180,000 people off the voter rolls."" "
" ""Every one of the 67 supervisors of elections"" in Florida refused to carry out the effort to remove noncitizens from the voter rolls. "
" Sixteen thousand new Internal Revenue Service agents will be ""empowered to enforce"" the new health care legislation. "
" ""I've never supported a payroll tax."" "
" ""75 percent of the Obamacare tax falls on the middle class."" "
" "" ‘Obamacare’ puts the federal government between you and your doctor."" "
" Toothpaste contains ""the poison substance of fluoride."" "
" If the U.S. didn't borrow $1.2 trillion every year ""to fund government operations,"" that money would be available ""for entrepreneurs and business people to put to work creating jobs and building and expanding their businesses."" "
" ""In the last 10 years, only one piece of legislation has been cosponsored and passed by"" John Duncan Jr. "
"Under the health care law, ""everybody will have lower rates, better quality care and better access."" "
" the Congressional Budget Office ""said if you’re going to buy your own policy with these (health care) exchanges you’ll be paying 10 percent more ... about $2,100 more for a family."" "
" States still face a ""mandate"" to expand Medicaid coverage under President Obama's health care reform law. "
" Voter fraud provided ""a portion"" of the margin of victory of Democrat John Lehman over Republican Sen. Van Wanggaard in a state Senate recall election. "
" Clackamas County Measure 3-401 ""will hurt our county, cripple economic growth, and increase our taxes with excessive special elections.""  "
" The Wisconsin Retirement System for public employees is ""a self-funded pension plan"" and ""it’s the money of the workers’ that funds it."" "
" ""In 1950, corporations paid $3 in taxes for every $1 by a worker. Today, they pay 22 cents for every $1 by a worker."" "
 Dow Chemical decided to build a plant in Saudi Arabia rather than Oklahoma due to the impact of environmental regulations on the supply of natural gas. 
" A company with ""20 employees"" could go ""out of business"" because of health care law requirements to buy insurance. "
" The Medicaid expansion is ""going to cost Florida $1.9 billion a year.""   "
" the health care law rations care, like systems in Canada and Great Britain. "
" Tim Kaine ""made Virginia the best state for business four years in a row."" "
" ""Before Act 10, the total cost of public sector employees’ employment was 29 percent higher than that in the private sector. After the act, it’s still 22 percent higher."" "
" Lorain ""is the poorest urban school district in the state of Ohio."" "
" ""New Jersey's citizens are working at the highest rate in three years."" "
" President Obama's health care law is ""a government takeover of healthcare.""   "
" ""People who wash cars at home will use approximately 80 percent more water than they do in a car wash."" "
" ""(Environmentalists) said ‘We’re only going to stop coal mining above 2,000 feet.’ ... Well guess where all the coal in the state of Tennessee is? Above 2,000 feet."" "
" President Obama’s health-care law will ""add trillions of dollars in debt."" "
" Rep. Charles Bass ""supports privatizing Social Security, risking trillions more on Wall Street."" "
 Ann Kuster said the debate over America’s debt limit is not an important issue of the day. 
" ""Obamacare … means that for up to 20 million Americans, they will lose the insurance they currently have, the insurance that they like and they want to keep."" "
" ""Barack Obama and his team"" are ""socialists in every respect of the word."" "
" there are ""$500 billion in Medicare cuts required to pay for this flawed [health care law]."" "
"""Obamacare adds trillions to our deficits and to our national debt."" "
"""Obamacare is . . . the largest tax increase in the history of the world."" "
 U.S. Rep. Phil Gingrey gave the government the power to electronically spy on Americans without a warrant. 
" Says, ""Yet in Salem they have traditionally waited until the money is almost gone to pay for the most important things in our state’s budget."" "
" ""a lip-reading instructor at the River School, a Washington, D.C., school for the deaf"" has determined that during 9/11 ceremonies, Michelle Obama said, ""All this for a damn flag."" "
 Says Josh Mandel’s campaign is under FBI investigation 
" GOP U.S. Rep. Sean Duffy of Wisconsin ""voted twice to end Medicare."" "
" Gov. Chris Christie’s proposed budget is ""the biggest spending budget in the history of the state of New Jersey. It is the largest in the nation at this point in time."" "
 Federal health care reforms amounted to ‘the government takeover of health care.’ 
" New Jersey’s job growth in May represents ""25 percent of all the jobs created in the country."" "
" Women ""earn only 77 cents for every dollar earned by men in the same position."" "
" ""Now, in the House of Representatives, we have 40 different jobs bills that have passed and almost all of them have been bipartisan.""   "
 a national Coca-Cola study showed Texans love Texas more than residents of any other state love their state; Wisconsinites ranked second. 
" ""My opponent, in 2008, had contributions investigated by the federal government."" "
" ""Since the beginning of the economic downturn in FY 2008, the state workforce has been reduced by 12.4 percent as part of overall cost savings measures to balance the budget to reduce revenues."" "
" ""Nearly 60% of all occupants of HUD properties in U.S. are illegals."" "
"""Women (are) paid 77 cents on the dollar for doing the same work as men."" "
" ""Most of Ted Cruz’s money comes from Washington, from outside the state of Texas."" "
" ""There’s no wildlife"" in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. "
" Since President Barack Obama took office, ""you have 1,700 employees just at the Department of Transportation"" earning over $170,000. "
" ""(Assembly Democrats) wanted to raise the gas tax by $2.4 billion. We said no to that....They’re down on the ground. They’re sweating. They’re twitching. It’s ugly, ‘cause I keep saying no."" "
" ""Congressman Renacci is under FBI investigation."" "
" 97 cents of every dollar played ""represents over $500 million dollars that is returned to Oregonians every year to help support job creation, schools, state parks and watersheds."" "
" ""Less than 2 percent of illegals are picking crops, but 41 percent are on welfare."" "
" President Obama's new immigration plan ""is amnesty."" "
" ""The Koch brothers alone gave twice as much money to Scott Walker as the total amount of money raised by Tom Barrett."" "
" that under President Obama, there’s been a substantial increase in federal government jobs.   "
" Tim Kaine urged ""$500 billion in Medicare cuts."" "
" ""There is no Plan B"" if the transportation referendum is not passed by voters. "
" ""More than 43 percent of all food stamps are given to illegals."" "
"""Romneycare covers abortion, illegal immigrants and has a public option. Obamacare does not."" "
" The Americans for Tax Reform pledge ""relates to new taxes that were going to be initiated by legislative action."" "
" President Barack Obama wants to raise ""the lowest (income) tax rate from 10 to 15 percent."" "
" Joe Kyrillos ""voted to raid the state's pension funds by $2.8 billion that is costing New Jersey taxpayers still today to the tune of nearly $15 billion dollars to repay that money."" "
" her congressional district has 10,000 medical-device industry jobs and 1,000 will be lost because of health-care law tax. "
"Decriminalizing marijuana ""will save the state anywhere from $4 (million) to $11 million dollars."" "
" ""The latest evidence of Republican success is that since the beginning of the current legislative term, state unemployment has gone down almost 20% to 5% adjusted."" "
 he has nearly 200 delegates bound to support his candidacy at the Republican National Convention. 
" Sherrod Brown ""gave huge bonuses to executives."" "
" Barack ""Obama admits he’s coming for our guns, telling Sarah Brady, ‘We are working on (gun control), but under the radar.’ "" "
" Say ""this biennium, liquor sales account for nearly $1 billion in the state budget."" "
" U.S. Sen. Bill Nelson was ""the deciding vote for the health care law."" "
" Robert Menendez is ""the king of raising money from Wall Street, over a million dollars, one of the leaders in the United States Senate. I haven’t raised any Wall Street money at all."" "
" Rob Portman shares ""radical, ideological views"" toward women. "
" ""Oregon is one of only three states that allow the use of gillnets on inland waters."" "
" Barack Obama ""supported Ted Kennedy’s ammo ban to outlaw all deer-hunting ammunition."" "
" Barack Obama's health care law ""will be the biggest job-killer ever."" "
" Citizens Property Insurance has ""over $500 billion worth of risk, with less than $10 billion worth of surplus."" "
" ""Overwhelming Democrat and Republican votes"" in 2011 for legislation in two special sessions on jobs demonstrated the bipartisan nature of the Wisconsin Legislature. "
 Most tips left at Dunkin’ Donuts don’t go to employees. 
" ""As Governor: Romney did not keep public safety funding in line with inflation."" "
"Under Florida’s voting law, a requirement to turn in voter registrations within 48 hours ""makes it impossible to meet the deadline if you’re working right to the end of the week."" "
" Virginia ""is home to more veterans per capita than any state in America."" "
" Jeff Wentworth, bending the rules, ""has used $211,743.96 in campaign contributions to lease luxury cars."" "
" ""When I was U.S. Attorney we wound up putting 10 percent of the state Legislature in jail during my seven years."" "
" ""Massachusetts is reporting a trend far below the national trend in the escalation of health-care costs in this year."" "
 combined inflation and unemployment rates in October 2011 were the highest since Ronald Reagan succeeded Jimmy Carter. 
" ""We spend in tax loopholes annually $1.1 trillion. That's more than we spend on our defense budget in a year, on Medicare or Medicaid in a year."" "
 Barack Obama is a socialist. 
" ""As Mayor of Wilsonville, I drove TriMet out of town and replaced their bloated transit system with our own local bus line that offers better service and has saved our businesses millions of dollars."" "
 Hawaii Gov. Neil Abercrombie made a late-night visit to Kinko’s to forge President Barack Obama’s birth certificate two days before Obama unveiled it to the media. 
"Homosexual behavior ""cuts your life by about 20 years."" "
" PolitiFact ""listed Governor Scott Walker of Wisconsin as the Governor who told the most lies"" and ""our own ‘untruthful’ Governor Chris Christie made it into Politifact's top five of ‘Lie - en Governors’."" "
" ""There is no record of congresswoman Betty Sutton ... ever holding a single in-person town hall meeting open to the general public."" "
" ""Right now, I’m polling at about 8 percent"" against Barack Obama and Mitt Romney. "
" PolitiFact issued a True ruling on Paul Krugman calling ""Governor Christie a ‘fiscal phony.’"" "
" The new Hartsfield-Jackson international terminal was ""on time and on budget."" "
" ""Scott Walker has a plan to privatize state lands"" and ""wants to sell our deer to the highest bidder."" "
" Gov. Scott Walker made ""draconian cuts"" to public safety budgets that put police officers at ""greater risk of harm."" "
" ""city leadership is threatening to lay off police and emergency services personnel to balance the budget."" "
" ""We came out against Deepwater and everybody is now paying for [the project] in their electric bills."" "
" Ted Cruz ""helps run two national organizations that have been leading the push to give amnesty to illegal immigrants."" "
 the Affordable Care Act was a federal takeover of the student loan industry and ‘profits’ on the loans go to help pay for the health care law. 
" ""No one on my staff has ever been charged with a crime."" "
" Because of voter fraud, Republican candidates ""need to do a point or two better"" to win statewide elections in Wisconsin. "
" Gov. Scott Walker ""took away $1.6 billion from schools and handed it off as over $2 billion in tax breaks to the rich."" "
" An ""Obamacare slush fund"" paid to spay and neuter dogs and cats, then counted it as an ""anti-obesity campaign."" "
" ""Only 2 percent of public high schools in the country offer PE classes."" "
" Sen. Sherrod Brown ""cast the deciding vote on the government takeover of health care."" "
" Tom Barrett ""voted to ban 15 different kinds of guns, even a lot of common deer rifles."" "
" A government analysis shows under a proposed transportation tax, ""metro Atlanta will create or support an additional 200,000 new jobs, including jobs that are maintained year over year."" "
" ""In the state of Rhode Island 25 percent of our current physicians are graduates of for-profit medical schools."" "
" under President Barack Obama there’s been ""the lowest discretionary spending we’ve had in decades in the United States."" "
" Claims credit for food tax reductions that ""previous Democrat regimes refused to make."" "
" In 2011, Alabama and Massachusetts passed legislation allowing non-citizens who are legal residents to vote in state and local elections. "
" Larry Taylor gave ""in-state tuition to illegal immigrants."" "
" ""There’s 400 more people working in health care today in New Hampshire than when we passed the budget."" "
" Lloyd Doggett ""made millions off companies like Bank of America while they took taxpayer bailout money."" "
" Democratic legislators this year ""don't want to cut your taxes under any circumstances."" "
" Prince William County ""has cut violent crime in half"" since instituting a crackdown on illegal immigration. "
"U.S. Rep. Stephen Fincher ""breaks earmark pledge."" "
" new figures he released showing Wisconsin job gains for 2011 are ""the final job numbers."" "
" Gov. Scott Walker is ""cooking the books"" by releasing numbers ""he just dreamed up"" that show Wisconsin gained jobs in 2011. "
" Since Scott Walker took office as governor in January 2011, there has been an increase of 33,200 jobs in Wisconsin. "
" ""Obama’s flush with cash, returning to Wall Street for even more money. … Wall Street sure supports President Obama."" "
" under Mitt Romney, ""Medicare could end as we know it, leaving Julia with nothing but a voucher to buy insurance, which means $6,350 extra per year for a similar plan."" "
" he fought for the repeal of a septic tank inspection program after ""Tallahassee pulled a fast one."" "
" Jon Runyan voted to ""end programs to aid homeless veterans."" "
" ""large majority"" of Republicans believe Obama is a Muslim and not U.S.-born. "
 the majority of candidates in Texas’ 25th Congressional District live outside the district. 
" Hartsfield-Jackson’s new international terminal is opening ""within budget."" "
" ""Millions could lose their health care coverage and be forced into a government pool"" under the new health care law. "
" ""Obamacare could cause 20 million people to lose their current coverage."" "
" When Mitt Romney was governor of Massachusetts, ""we didn’t just slow the rate of growth of our government, we actually cut it."" "
" Betty Sutton ""gutted Medicare by $500 billion"" with her vote for the president's health care bill. "
" ""as we sit right now, Medicare, if we do nothing, will be gone in eight years, if we do nothing to it."" "
" Gov. Scott Walker is helping pay for the criminal defense of a man accused of ""boy rape."" "
 Taxpayers subsidize 80 percent of each MARTA trip 
 Josh Mandel opposed federal loans to the auto industry. 
" ""Victory! Republicans by 2 to 1 vote to endorse Mark Neumann on first ballot at GOP convention."" "
" President Obama ""promised"" families making less than $250,000 a year would not see taxes go up, but ""Obamacare raises 18 different taxes."" "
" ""Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton are negotiating with the United Nations about doing a treaty that will ban the use of firearms."" "
" Gov. Scott Walker said ""no to equal pay for equal work for women."" "
" that President Obama promised that with the stimulus plan, ""unemployment would never go above 8 percent. He even said it would be 6 percent by now."" "
" President Barack Obama’s finance team is recommending a ""1% tax on all transactions at any financial institution."" "
" ""20 million people could lose their current coverage"" … ""including our senior citizens who are on Medicare."" "
" ""Seniors will see $500 billion in Medicare cuts to fund Obamacare."" "
" Marcy Kaptur has attacked his military service and training in the Air Force, showing disrespect for veterans. "
" The Georgia Regional Transportation Authority ""concluded that light rail in Cobb County would more than double commute time and would therefore be unsuccessful in alleviating traffic congestion."" "
 Mitt Romney would deny gay people the right to adopt children. 
" ""Tom Leppert pledged to make Dallas a sanctuary city for illegal immigrants."" "
" ""Sources show (Connie) Mack as a resident of California, living with his wife in Palm Springs."" "
" in regard to providing ""more tax cuts for the rich,"" Bill Pascrell said, ""Republicans had great ideas. I liked some of their ideas."" "
" ""When we took office, let me remind you, there was virtually no international pressure on Iran."" "
" The salaries of Wisconsin’s best-educated public school teachers were ""slashed"" by Gov. Scott Walker through a recent administrative rule change. "
" in March New Jersey was ""one of only eight states in the nation to lose jobs"" and ""the state with the highest loss of jobs in the nation."" "
" Jeff Reardon cut elementary school music classes, art instruction, teaching positions, basketball and volleyball programs, and he voted to raise school lunch prices.  "
" Democrats plan to keep student loan interest rates low  ""by raising taxes on small businesses, very small businesses … the kinds of small businesses that give jobs to graduates."" "
" ""The expiration of the Bush-era tax cuts ... would be the biggest tax increase in the history of the country, about $4.6 trillion over 10 years."" "
" Democratic recall opponent Tom Barrett is campaigning on ""lifting property tax"" limits. "
" George Flinn has been a ""no show"" at scheduled ""forums."" "
 Georgia crackdown on illegal immigration costs state farmers $400 million last year. 
" Jim Renacci ""voted repeatedly to end Medicare."" "
" ""Schaufler was the only Democrat who voted to stop"" the state’s health care reform plan. "
" ""The only time government employment has gone down during a recession has been under me."" "
" Gov. Scott Walker approved a ""gutting"" of two tax credits that help the poor and elderly. "
 he did not vote for Nancy Pelosi for speaker of the House. 
" challenger Dominic Chavez is a ""Rick Perry Republican"" lobbyist. "
" that Rep. Betty Sutton ""would rather riot with Occupy (Wall Street) than stand up for Ohio families."" "
" The Obama White House recognizes a ""baby that has not been born"" for security purposes. "
" The congressional district for Miami-Dade and Broward counties has a ""staggering drop-out rate of almost 61 percent."" "
 Williamson County District Attorney John Bradley reduces 36 percent of felonies to misdemeanors and hands them off to her. 
" ""an unchecked Democratic Majority in Trenton"" is responsible for ""years of diversions"" from the state’s unemployment insurance trust fund. "
"  The U.S. economy is ""recovering slower than Europe "" "
 Dwight Holton has never set foot in an Oregon courtroom. 
" Rep. Paul Ryan’s budget proposal ""would effectively double the interest paid out on existing and future student loans."" "
" ""If you put the $47 billion in revenue (raised over 10 years by the Buffett rule) into infrastructure you could create 611,000 infrastructure jobs."" "
" ""I never billed a single hour of my time to the City of Portland in the last 10 years -- so, no revolving door."" "
" the mayor’s job ""is to make sure that if somebody is trying to build a set of water treatment plants to cure us from cryptosporidium we don’t have, we don't say yes even if CH2M Hill wants us to.""  "
 we could have saved ourselves the cost of building the Powell Butte water reservoir. 
" ""Under the Romney/Ryan budget, interest rates on federal student loans would be allowed to double."" "
" ""The failed economic policies"" of President Barack Obama, the Democrats and the Federal Reserve ""are making gas prices higher while America’s economy is running on fumes."" "
" President Barack Obama ""added"" $6.5 trillion to the national debt in his first term, more than the $6.3 trillion added by the previous 43 presidents combined. "
 the oil industry subsidies that President Barack Obama is attacking don’t exist 
" she is ""saving ratepayers $6 million/year."" "
" the stimulus bill sent tax credits overseas, such as  ""tens of millions of dollars to build traffic lights in China."" "
" ""We didn’t go out asking people"" to join the ""stand your ground"" task force. "
" the stimulus bill sent tax credits overseas, such as ""half a billion to an electric car company that created hundreds of jobs in Finland."" "
" ""Over the history of Austin, it’s always gotten more expensive."" "
 U.S. Rep. Allen West wants to bring back earmarks. 
" the stimulus bill sent tax credits overseas, such as ""$1.2 billion to a solar company that's building a plant in Mexico."" "
" Wisconsin women ""are paid 81 cents to the dollar of a man doing the same job."" "
" ""After four years of a celebrity president … 85% (of recent college grads are) moving back in with their parents."" "
" ""Nobody is leaving Memphis. That's a myth."" "
" Before the HOPE scholarship, ""70 percent of the high school students who made 1400 or above on their SAT left the state of Georgia. Now, 70 percent of those stay in the state of Georgia."" "
" ""Student loan rates set to double because a Democratic-controlled Congress voted to double them."" "
" Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker’s budget ""calls for raising property taxes by nearly $500 billion."" "
" ""Bill Pascrell voted to eliminate all estate taxes for billionaires, and I voted no."" "
" the Department of Homeland Security has ordered ""enough rounds of .40 caliber ammunition to kill every man, woman and child in the United States,"" possibly to combat ""massive civil unrest"" or ""an invasion by a foreign power."" "
"Some ""20,000 Delphi salaried retirees lost up to 70 percent of their pensions"" as a result of ""political favoritism and backroom deals."" "
" ""In my years in the State Legislature, I have never voted for a tax increase."" "
" Gas prices have gone up 99 percent since Obama became president, ""the highest gas price increase since Carter."" "
" The Wisconsin law repealed by Republicans, which allowed discriminated workers to sue in state court, ""was kind of a gravy train"" for lawyers. "
" ""I worked with our Mayor and other commissioners to help save the school year when a budget crisis in Salem threatened to cut four weeks of the school year,"" including  negotiating with teachers to work for free. "
" ""Just on Jan. 1 of this year, there were 40,000 new laws put on the books in one day."" "
" Under a new law, doctors performing drug-induced abortions could be charged if women don’t return to them for follow-up care "
 President Barack Obama's parents were communists. 
" ""Personal income is growing faster in Tennessee on average than any other state in the country."" "
 President Obama gave Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood one and a half billion dollars. 
" A proposed U.S. Labor Department rule for children working on farms ""would even ban youth from operating a battery-powered screwdriver or a pressurized garden hose."" "
" George Norcross said the ""TAKEOVER OF RUTGER$ CAMDEN WILL COST NEW JER$EY BILLION$."" "
" ""my advocacy questioning contracting out in Parks … delayed and altered the renewal of the Brooks contract, and reduced the number of contracted employees in Parks from over 100 to fewer than 40.""  "
" bus riders subsidize the ""expensive, romanticized"" Leander-to-Austin train. "
"""I have always said that I would be for drilling."" "
" ""Bank of America could create 878,300 jobs with benefits if they spent their 2010 bonuses on job creation."" "
" she made a ""cold call"" and persuaded an Illinois company to relocate to Wisconsin.  "
" ""$57,000 is the mean [income] in our state"" for a family. "
"""We don’t allow filming inside of the City Hall unless there is a specific reason."" "
" ""The total unemployment rate for Hispanic or Latino workers has increased from 10% to 10.3%"" between January 2009 and March 2012.   "
" Gov. Scott Walker signed abortion, sex education and discrimination bills ""in secret."" "
" ""Cape May, Cumberland, Salem and part of Atlantic counties are all south of the Mason-Dixon line."" "
" Ron Oakley's ""conservative leadership protected local taxpayers over government bureaucrats"" as the Water Management District’s budget decreased by ""58 percent in the four years he served on the board."" "
 there is an upcoming vote to preserve benefits of Texas homestead exemption for seniors and the disabled. 
" David Dewhurst ""has never once cut one penny from the state budget."" "
" ""The Austin school district calendar lists 64 different dates for either a state-mandated test or make-up test."" "
"Gas prices have doubled because ""Obama opposed exploring for energy in Alaska. He gave millions of tax dollars to Solyndra, which then went bankrupt. And he blocked the Keystone pipeline. So we will all pay more at the pump."" "
" Every time the price of gasoline rises 1 cent, ""it's a billion dollars out of our economy that goes to Saudi Arabia."" "
" ""The ACLU has filed a suit to end prayer from the military completely."" "
" In labor negotiations with city employees, Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett ""demanded concessions that went beyond those mandated"" by Gov. Scott Walker’s collective bargaining law "
" A proposed regional transportation tax will last ""a minimum"" of 10 years, and has been approved to last longer. "
"President Obama's decision to not issue a permit for the Keystone XL pipeline meant ""we were denied the ability immediately to reduce prices at the pump."" "
" ""The non-partisan Congressional Budget Office concluded ObamaCare will cost the U.S. more than 800,000 jobs."" "
" ""In April 1997, there was a ‘gas out’ conducted nationwide in protest of gas prices. Gasoline prices dropped 30 cents a gallon overnight."" "
" ""This rule could prevent children under 18 from using such tools as a power screwdriver, a milking machine or something as simple as a wheelbarrow on the family farm . . . "" "
" Sen. Bill Nelson voted to spend ""$144,541 to see how monkeys react under the influence of cocaine."" "
" ""What president has the worst record on female labor force participation? Barack Obama."" "
" the treasurer’s office has ""saved $37 million in management costs for the oversight of public investments."" "
 The 2011 Legislature did not cut Texas public school funding. 
" New Jersey Devils managing partner Jeff Vanderbeek ""took us into arbitration."" "
" abortion doctors are ""flying into this state, performing abortions and flying out."" "
" Sen. Sherrod Brown’s vote helped pass ""Barack Obama’s job-killing health care law, which slapped small businesses throughout Ohio with a $500 billion tax increase."" "
President Obama's refusal to grant permits for offshore drilling is one reason gasoline prices are soaring. 
" About 78 to 81 House Democrats ""are members of the Communist Party. ... It’s called the Congressional Progressive Caucus."" "
 she balanced a $10 billion budget shortfall without raising taxes. 
" that Mitt Romney, while he was in Arizona, said he believes the state’s SB 1070 immigration law should be the model for national immigration laws. "
"The Keystone oil pipeline ""would employ 20,000 people in the United States."" "
" ""Women account for 92.3 percent of the jobs lost under Obama."" "
" President Barack Obama ""has doubled the size of government since he took office."" "
"""Why was there no news coverage of this raid on the Arizona border? … Seizure was just five days ago. Right on the Arizona border!"" "
" Wisconsin women facing pay discrimination can't ""do something about it"" under bill passed by Republicans. "
" ""General Motors is the largest corporation in the world again."" "
" ""We gave every public employee in the state the freedom to choose whether or not they want to be in a union."" "
" in the governor’s proposed budget ""the use of that, what is called one-shots, is a 500 percent increase over the last Corzine budget."" "
" ""On most things except witch trials, Virginia will always have been first."" "
" Obama health reform law denies millions ""access to affordable insurance."" "
" under the Affordable Care Act, New Jersey’s ""new (Medicaid) enrollees won’t qualify for the matching federal funds simply because we added them onto the rolls before 2014."" "
 Obama has failed to pass a budget. 
 gubernatorial recall candidate Tom Barrett supported passage of Gov. Scott Walker’s bill stripping collective bargaining of state employees. 
" ""Before this law, any group could go out anywhere, register voters, sit on the voter registration forms for unlimited amount of time."" "
" ""In his very first budget, (Milwaukee) Mayor Tom Barrett broke his pledge to keep a lid on property taxes and has continued increasing taxes and fees ever since."" "
" Sherrod Brown opposed blocking a new EPA emissions rule, ""despite acknowledging that the EPA's cap-and-trade regulations are ‘burdensome’ and could harm economic growth in Ohio."" "
" Barack Obama ""is the only president to ever cut $500 billion from Medicare."" "
" If the Supreme Court throws out the federal health care law, it ""would be an unprecedented, extraordinary step of overturning a law that was passed by a strong majority of a democratically elected Congress."" "
Texas retained the right to have a navy when it joined the United States. 
" ""I think it’s seven or eight of the California system of universities don’t even teach an American history course. It’s not even available to be taught."" "
" The Florida Department of Agriculture’s website FreshFromFlorida.com can be used ""to get a permit to carry a loaded hidden gun without ever leaving your house."" "
" Ohio Treasurer Josh ""Mandel first claimed bank fraud in June 2010 but did nothing for more than a year while raising money for his (Republican) Senate campaign."" "
" she ""created the first felony deferred prosecution program for nonviolent first-offenders"" in Texas. "
" ""And the #jerseycomeback keeps rolling! Thanks to @GovChristie NJ now has lowest corruption risk of any state."" "
" ""Obama tells Russia that he'll turn over America's defense system to them if re-elected."" "
" ""new estimates from the Congressional Budget Office conclude the final price-tag"" for the health care law ""will exceed $2 trillion — more than double what was initially reported."" "
" ""for the duration of this recession not a single person in government middle management has lost (a) job or taken a pay cut."" "
" A bill that could restrict free speech when the president is nearby was signed by President Barack Obama ""in secret."" "
" ""We've had the same leadership in the Travis County DA's office for 30 years."" "
" Says President Obama and his allies in Congress gave ""power"" to control Medicare patients’ health care decisions to ""a commission of 15 unelected bureaucrats in Washington."" "
"""Every time the weight of that vehicle is reduced by a hundred pounds, your chances of dying are going to go up by about 5 percent. Peel three hundred pounds off – you’re 15 percent more likely to die in that car."" "
" ""Medicare will be bankrupt in nine years."" "
" ""Right now we have sufficient reserves to take care of Tennessee's lottery scholarship students for a few years more."" "
" the Wisconsin Republican Party tweeted ""Happy International Women's Day! You ladies should get paid less and not be able to make health care decisions."" "
" U.S. Rep. Connie Mack ""took seven and a half years to finish college."" "
" a Barack Obama ""black imposter"" joke got a standing ovation at San Angelo rodeo. "
" Congressman Bill Pascrell ""voted to remove the public option from the Affordable Health Care Act."" "
" in the 2012 State of the Union address, President Obama ""didn't even mention the deficit or debt."" "
" ""The (Jackson) plan (for reforming Cleveland schools) lacks any data or methods proven to raise student achievement."" "
" ""The state [food stamp call center] program is administered from foreign shores."" "
" when Rhode Island Lottery was proposed, ""state residents were enticed to vote for it with the promise that the money would be used for education.""  "
" ""It was found unconstitutional to drug test elected officials because it prevents us, as citizens, from having that First Amendment right."" "
" New federal projections estimate that the health care overhaul ""will cost $1.76 trillion over 10 years -- well above the $940 billion Democrats originally claimed."" "
" that while President Barack Obama promised to ""work with your employer to lower your premiums by $2,500 per family per year,"" his health care law ""raises premiums in the individual market by $2,100 per family."" "
" when he was governor, Wisconsin cut unemployment to 2.1 percent and the state’s unemployment rate was ""the lowest in the country for 40 consecutive months."" "
" under the new health care law ""the patient-doctor relationship will be eliminated."" "
" The CBO says the cost of health care reform will rise to $1.8 trillion, ""increasing the price to far greater than the $900 billion"" originally projected.  "
" only seven percent of 2009’s stimulus bill went toward transportation projects, yet they created over one-third of the bill’s total jobs. "
" ""Ninety percent of the people who work in this country work for companies under 100 people, maybe even less than that."" "
 former U.S. Rep. Carol Shea-Porter refused to host town hall meetings during her time in Congress. 
" ""And the revenue generated by drilling off Virginia’s coast? $40 million over 10 years."" "
" President Barack Obama is ""ending Medicare as we know it."" "
" ""we got a chance to pass what I think is Oregon's first human trafficking bill which has increased by 66 percent the calls to the human trafficking hotline."" "
 gas costs $4.50 a gallon. 
" The administration has issued rules for ""$1 abortions in ObamaCare"" and ""requires all persons enrolled in insurance plans that include elective abortion coverage to pay"" an abortion premium. "
" ""Did you know ObamaCare will cost nearly twice as much as initially expected -- $1.8 TRILLION?"" "
" ""Every 1 percent increase in the cost of health insurance today causes about 30,000 Georgians to be uninsured."" "
" ""Make no mistake -- Sherrod Brown is one of the main D.C. politicians responsible for Ohio jobs moving to China."" "
" ""the No. 2 cause of death in the U.S. (for) women under 50 is being killed by their spouse or domestic partner."" "
" An independent payment advisory board created by the health care reform law ""can ration care and deny certain Medicare treatments."" "
" Because of the new health care law, ""17 million kids can no longer be denied for a pre-existing condition."" "
" David Rivera ""allowed House Republican leaders to strip key provisions from the STOCK Act"" that would crack down on insider trading by members of Congress. "
" ""This (Independent Payment Advisory Board) board can ration care and deny certain Medicare treatments so Washington can fund more wasteful spending."" "
" ""over 1 million signatures"" were submitted in attempt to recall Gov. Scott Walker. "
" The ""Democrat majority in the Senate has failed to submit [a] budget in the past 1,000 days."" "
" her accomplishments include ""a fiscally responsible budget agreement that controls state spending."" "
" President Barack Obama’s policies have forced ""many parts of the country to experience rolling blackouts."" "
" Wisconsin Assembly Republicans voted to repeal a law that ensures ""that women cannot get paid less than a man for doing the same job."" "
 Giant companies like Toyota will not locate in a state that has not passed a right-to-work law 
" A socially conservative group sponsored a ""prayer vigil"" to stop people from buying Girl Scout cookies because it thinks the Girl Scouts are affiliated with Planned Parenthood. "
" Barack Obama ""promised"" gasoline at $2.50 a gallon. "
" ""The fact is 90-percent of Down Syndrome children were aborted in this country."" "
" After President Barack Obama’s health care law takes full effect, ""100 percent"" of Americans will ""depend on some form of federal payment, some form of government benefit to help provide for them."" "
" Obama has ""doubled the stock market from where we started when he was sworn into office"" "
" Connie Mack ""failed to pay his child support."" "
" ""Today, you can't rely on (the retirement fund for public employees), it's not funded."" "
" ""Tonight in Ohio, more people came out to vote for Barack Obama in an unopposed race than voted for (Mitt) Romney and (Rick) Santorum combined."" "
" Ronald Reagan’s philosophy of ""peace through strength"" is why ""the Iranians released the hostages on the same day and at the same hour that Reagan was sworn in."" "
" ""If you look up the dictionary definition of happiness at the time of our founders … happiness was not doing what you want to do but doing what you ought to do."" "
" pension contributions under Gov. Chris Christie would represent ""75 percent of the total contribution made between the years 1995 and 2010. That's right, in 15 years, total state contribution was only $2.1 billion."" "
" ""When my grandfather came to this country back in 1925, there were no government benefits.""   "
" Connie Mack's ""only real job in the real world"" was as ""‘events coordinator’ for Hooters!"" "
" The Atlanta area’s water planning district ""is now the national leader in conservation."" "
" State Comptroller Matthew Boxer ""pointed out that many towns are artificially lowering the real estate values that they report to Trenton"" in order to ""get hundreds of millions of dollars of additional school aid. This is the kind of fraud that needs to be addressed immediately."" "
" President Obama's ""budget would call for about $25 trillion in debt by the end of his term, if he was re-elected."" "
" ""When (Marcy) Kaptur fought for the Democrats' prescription drug benefit for seniors, (Dennis) Kucinich voted no."" "
" While fighting a move to toughen penalties for workplace gender discrimination, state Sen. Glenn Grothman said ""he didn’t believe women belonged in the workplace"" but belonged ""at home, cooking and cleaning and having babies."" "
" ""we had to cut 13 billion dollars in state spending over two years."" "
" ""[R]emember, the president proposed eliminating charitable deductions for higher-income taxpayers."" "
" Mitt Romney ""left Massachusetts $1 billion in debt."" "
" Ohio Rep. Marcy Kaptur ""actually lives"" in ""a fancy condo in the Washington, D.C.  suburbs."" "
" President Obama pushed through the stimulus ""based on the promise of keeping unemployment under 8 percent."" "
" ""We've seen in this last year tremendous things happening, including our unemployment rate come down 2 percentage points."" "
" ""We have 395 inmates pushed into triple-bunked cells intended for two inmates and bunked in classrooms and areas supposed to be designated for inmate labor."" "
" ""The national unemployment rate has been above 8 percent for a record 36 months."" "
" ""The biggest contribution"" behind a decrease in U.S. unemployment ""was 1.2 million people leaving the workforce""   "
" About 800 people refused to get a drug screening because they are ""out there on drugs."" "
" ""Since President Obama took full control of Washington … every single day, more than 1,500 of our jobs have been lost."" "
" Claims Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg said ""she prefers the South African Constitution over the United States Constitution."" "
 A Dallas proof-of-insurance ordinance resulted in area tow lots mostly filling with the cars of illegal residents. 
"""(President Barack Obama) said unemployment was never gonna go over 8 percent if we passed the stimulus plan."" "
" ""President Obama once said he wants everybody in America to go to college."" "
" ""Amniocentesis, does, in fact, result more often than not in this country in abortion."" "
" ""The president gave the (auto) companies to the UAW."" "
" Gov. Scott Walker is ""openly"" backing a move to abolish the state retirement system and convert it to a 401(k)-style plan that will reduce pensions ""by at least a third"" for current and retired public employees   "
" 21,000 Wisconsin residents got jobs in 2011, but ""18,000 of them"" were in other states. "
" ""There are more atheists in the country right now than Jews, Muslims, Hindus and Buddhists combined and doubled."" "
"One estimate there may be ""three times as much oil in the United States as there is in Saudi Arabia."" "
" Without U.S. Senate action, Texas will have more federal judicial vacancies this year than any other state. "
" ""sixty-two percent of small businesses over the last five years went under because they couldn't pay their health care bills."" "
"""You can’t put a gun rack in a [Chevrolet] Volt.""   "
" ""This president ... could have gotten crippling sanctions against Iran. He did not."" "
" ""Today gasoline hit $6 a gallon in Florida."" "
" the Tennessee Wildlife Resources Agency brought coyotes into the state ""to try to keep the deer population down."" "
" in the last 20 years, the French have not ""stood by"" the United States on foreign policy. "
" ""For the first time since 1990, American manufacturers are creating new jobs."" "
" ""67 percent of marriages now wind up in divorce."" "
"he was ""exonerated in every single case"" in 1990s ethics violations charges. "
 Texas legislators in 2011 increased state spending on education. 
" ""The Republicans just voted last year to end Medicare."" "
" ""If you look at states that are right to work, they constantly do not have budget deficits and they have very good business climates."" "
"critics called the original GI Bill ""welfare."" "
" ""Fewer than 10 percent of those in the House are what anyone would classify as wealthy."" "
" A 10-year state program that created 202 jobs at a cost of $247,000 per job was approved by former Gov. Jim Doyle. "
Mitt Romney supports cap and trade. 
" ""Obamacare ... will kill jobs across America."" "
" the Congressional Budget Office said ""unemployment could top 9 percent in 2013"" "
" U.S. Rep. Tammy Baldwin, a candidate for Senate, supports raising taxes ""by $858 billion."" "
" Newt Gingrich ""co-sponsored a bill with Nancy Pelosi that would have given $60 million a year to a U.N. program supporting China’s brutal one-child policy."" "
" abortion is ""the most common surgery in our country."" "
" ""The U.S. Census believes that by 2030 the majority of Americans will use Spanish as their first language."" "
 a U.S. Supreme Court justice suggested that some U.S. cases will be decided based on South African law. 
" Barack Obama ""endorsed a total ban on the manufacture, sale and possession of all handguns."" "
" ""You can't pass a budget in the Senate of the United States without 60 votes."" "
" Maryland is ""creating jobs at 2 ½ times the rate that Virginia is."" "
" ""You're supposed to throw away your shoes"" if mercury from a broken CFL light bulb gets on them. "
" ""Here's something that people never talk about with coach Schiano: Rutgers had the best graduation rate of any Division I football program in America."" "
" The polls ""show over half of Americans identify themselves as being pro-life."" "
" ""Preventive care … saves money, for families, for businesses, for government, for everybody."" "
 he signed legislation leading to 12 Texas abortion clinics being closed. 
" that as Wisconsin governor he ""never raised taxes."" "
" ""as of November, we were ranked 45th in the nation in terms of job creation, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics."" "
" ""Statistics bear out that any time a country, a state, makes more restrictive abortion laws ... fatalities go up and abortions actually increase."" "
" David Dewhurst has a ""record of promoting an income tax."" "
" ""This year’s redistricting has been the most open, interactive and transparent redistricting process in Tennessee history."" "
 Gov. Bob McDonnell's budget would cut pre-kindergarten programs.  
" ""This year President Obama canceled the 21st annual National Day of Prayer ceremony at the White House under the ruse of ‘not wanting to offend anyone.' BUT … on September 25, 2009 from 4 AM until 7 PM, a National Day of Prayer FOR THE MUSLIM RELIGION was HELD on Capitol Hill, Beside the White House.""   "
" The state constitution ""clearly there’s not to be a state income tax in Tennessee."" "
" President Obama told people ""to skip coming here (Las Vegas) for conventions and meetings."" "
" ""Three years ago, a newly elected President Obama told America that if Congress approved his plan to borrow nearly a trillion dollars, he would hold unemployment below 8 percent."" "
"President Barack Obama ""has an Environmental Protection Agency proposal that would raise the price of gasoline by 25 cents a gallon."" "
" ""If you sell your house after 2012 you will pay a 3.8 percent sales tax on it."" "
" ""Since ObamaCare and the stimulus passed, the unemployment rate in the U.S. has increased."" "
" ""Illegal counterfeiting and piracy costs the U.S. economy $100 billion... every year."" "
" Mitt Romney’s campaign ""has already spent more on negative ads than John McCain did during his entire presidential run."" "
" she ""wiped out"" the state Agriculture Department’s inspections of eggs at retail sites like grocery stores. "
"AIDS was transmitted to humans because ""one guy"" had sex with ""a monkey"" and then started ""having sex with men."" "
" Congressman Scott DesJarlais ""is spending his one year anniversary on vacation -- only working 6 days in all of January."" "
" ""Gov. Romney cut off kosher meals for Jewish senior citizens who were on Medicaid to save $5 a day."" "
" ""A cashier earning $20,000 per year pays the same (Virginia) income tax rate as a hedge fund manager earning $20 million per year."" "
"""The Obama administration ... would impose on every Catholic institution, every Jewish institution, every Protestant institution the Obamacare standard of what you have to buy as insurance.""  "
"Students today ""take more years to get through"" college. "
"A proposed mine in Wisconsin is ""about two-thirds the size of Lake Winnebago."" "
 Siemens has been unable to fill approximately 200 skilled trade positions in metro Atlanta. 
" ""Studies show that if we opened one reserve in Alaska now, in five years, gas prices could be at $2 a gallon."" "
" ""Martin Luther King was a Republican."" "
" ""In 2006, I went out and authored a letter with 24 other senators asking for major reform of Freddie and Fannie, warning of a meltdown and a bubble in the housing market."" "
" ""This president went before the United Nations and castigated Israel for building settlements. He said nothing about thousands of rockets being rained in on Israel from the Gaza Strip.""  "
" ""Eric Holder is supportive of the NAACP's efforts to get the United Nations involved in our elections."" "
" ""Romneycare … is a top-down, government-run health care system."" "
" ""Our jobless rate, our unemployment rate, is the lowest of all of the big cities in New Jersey."" "
" ""Romneycare sent costs spiraling out of control"" in Massachusetts, ""hiking premiums, squeezing household budgets."" "
 Steve Jobs was responsible for creating more jobs than the stimulus bill. 
" Gov. McDonnell's proposed budget ""is cutting"" public education.  "
 The InterLink at T.F. Green Airport is the closest air-rail link in the country. 
" ""Nearly half of all persons under 30 did not go to work today."" "
 Rob Cornilles supports privatizing Medicare. 
" Florida's economy ""became a bad economy ... because of a huge spike in oil prices in the summer of 2008."" "
"Newt Gingrich electric co-ops and credit unions are ""government-sponsored enterprises"" like Freddie Mac. "
"""When I was speaker, we had four consecutive balanced budgets."" "
" Rob Cornilles has been endorsed by 20 local mayors, including Independent, Democratic and Republican.  "
 the D.C. city council passed a law banning lethal rat trapping. 
" ""Martin Luther King Jr. was a Republican."" "
" that according to a study, under Obama’s health care initiative, ""nearly 90 percent of people"" in Wisconsin with health insurance ""will have their costs go up by more than 30 percent."" "
"  Rep. David Cicilline is responsible for the federal loan guarantee to Solyndra, the failed solar company "
" Rick Santorum Rick Perry requested 1,200 earmarks as governor of Texas. "
" Barack Obama ""began his presidency going on a worldwide apology tour."" "
" Says proposal to boost teacher pension fund ""puts no mandate on local government."" "
" ""Romney signed government-mandated health care with taxpayer-funded abortions."" "
 an Obama administration policy prohibits people who work with at-risk youth from promoting marriage as a way to avoid poverty. 
 PolitiFact Oregon gave Rob Cornilles a Pants on Fire for a claim about taxes and fees. 
"The U.S. military is at risk of losing its ""military superiority"" because ""our Navy is smaller than it's been since 1917. Our Air Force is smaller and older than any time since 1947."" "
" ""When [Mitt Romney] was the governor of Massachusetts, he performed 100 — and I’m not sure this number is right, but my mind it’s about 180 gay marriages."" "
"""[The] ACLU and atheists in Denver are demanding the NFL stop [Tim Tebow] from praying on the sidelines."" "
" U.S. Rep. Stephen Fincher is ""the only working farmer currently serving in the House."" "
" ""More Americans have lost their jobs under Barack Obama than any president in modern history."" "
" over the last two years, New Jersey Schools Development Authority employees ""have not started or completed one single school project, and I’m not talking about major school renovation. I’m talking about replacing boilers, roofs."" "
" Freshman Rep. Bob Gibbs ""is spending his one year anniversary on vacation — only working 6 days in all of January."" "
" ""I also voted 98 percent of the time with Republicans in the Oregon Legislature."" "
 Rob Cornilles has disputed for two years a news story that said he said he would cut Social Security and Medicare programs before trimming the U.S. defense budget. 
" Mitt Romney ""runs away from Ronald Reagan."" "
" ""The Republicans have never done anything really to balance the budget."" "
" New energy standards will take away ""our freedom of choice and selection in the light bulbs we have in our homes."" "
 Romney and Bain Capital drove KB Toys into bankruptcy by loading it up with debt. 
" Tampa is ""the strip club capital of the world."" "
" Mitt Romney’s and Bain Capital’s profits from KB Toys, which later went out of business, were ""described by the Boston Herald as ‘disgusting.’"" "
" ""One year today since #GOP took control of the House"" and ""no new jobs."" "
"Newt Gingrich ""co-sponsored a bill with Nancy Pelosi that would have given $60 million a year to a U.N. program supporting China’s brutal one-child policy."" "
 Mitt Romney has 15 homes. 
" ""Mitt Romney, Rick Perry, and Newt Gingrich all say they would cut foreign aid to Israel — and every other country — to zero."" "
 Rob Cornilles is a Tea Party candidate. 
" ""What’s clear is (Romney) likes firing people."" "
" ""She’s voted for 60 tax increases, hurting the middle class and small businesses."" "
" ""At my first ‘Let’s Get to Work Day’ … we sold out;"" more than 240 dozen doughnuts by 8:30 a.m. "
" in Newark ""we’re paying 80 percent of the school budget from local property taxes."" "
" When Georgia tightened its voter identification laws, the state sent a van and photographer to the homes of people who needed photo IDs and made them for free.  "
" that after she declared her candidacy for Congress, ""the redistricting process was manipulated to allow incumbent politicians to guarantee their re-election."" "
" ""[If] you apply for a job, the chances are 1 in 7 that you are going to be denied that job unfairly if everybody is forced to use E-Verify."" "
"""Ballistic tests have confirmed that the death of at least one U.S. Border Patrol agent was caused by"" weapons that were part of a federal arms trafficking operation. "
" President Barack Obama ""is a socialist."" "
 President Barack Obama has opened up no new trade relationships with other nations. 
" Paul Ryan’s Medicare plan provides ""pretty much"" the same coverage that members of Congress receive. "
" the Simpson-Bowles deficit reduction proposal went from President Barack Obama's desk to ""the garbage can."" "
" ""We're only inches away from no longer being a free economy."" "
" Eliminating ""Obamacare"" ... ""saves $95 billion a year."" "
" area near proposed northern Wisconsin iron ore mine is ""15 hours away"" from where public hearing on mining was held. "
" ""Bob Menendez just voted to increase the government's debt ceiling to $1.9 TRILLION! In his 19 years in Congress, Menendez has helped overspend America over $15 TRILLION into debt."" "
"""[Renewable energy] projects . . . get us off foreign oil and away, step by step, from these foreign entanglements that we have to get into to defend our oil supply."" "
" Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker eliminated ""cancer screenings for uninsured women"" and offered ""no alternatives.""   "
 the National Labor Relations Board told Boeing that it couldn’t build a factory in South Carolina because South Carolina is a right-to-work state. 
 Milwaukee County buses are no less safe now than a year or two ago. 
" ""kids who start in the ninth grade in the city of Newark this past September, 23 percent of them will graduate in four years."" "
" Rep. Jim Renacci was ""trying to leave town for the holidays without extending your payroll tax cut."" "
" a new national poll shows ""the majority of the American people believe we should have a gold standard"" for U.S. currency. "
" there were only ""about eight or 10"" inflammatory sentences in his newsletters. "
" ""The Social Security trust fund … is already facing imminent bankruptcy."" "
"""What is the proper collective noun for a group of baboons? Believe it or not . . . a Congress!"" "
" ""New Jersey taxpayers … will now face the highest tolls in the country."" "
" Rep. Betty Sutton supports allowing ""welfare fund withdrawals from strip clubs, casinos and liquor stores."" "
" ""The latest unemployment numbers have shown that nearly 315,000 Americans have simply given up hope when it comes to finding a job."" "
" ""Our tax code is . . . 80,000 pages."" "
" ""Ever wonder why no one ever came forward from Obama's past, saying they knew him, attended school with him, was his friend, etc.? Not one person has ever come forward from his past."" "
 murder is the chief cause of death for pregnant women. 
 Scott Walker’s school-aid cuts were so devastating that students are without chairs and a government survey found 47 kids in a classroom.   
 a trash mound on U.S. 290 is 800 feet tall. 
"""No federal official at any level is currently allowed to say ‘Merry Christmas.’"" "
" ""Hydrogen sulfide . . . [was] used in the genocide of Jews in Germany. "" "
" ""Rhode Island is leading our nation in foreclosures."" "
"In a watershed 1958 decision, ""the Warren court asserted by itself that the Supreme Court was supreme over the president and the Congress."" "
" Freddie Mac, electric co-ops and credit unions are all ""government sponsored"" enterprises. "
" it cost Massachusetts taxpayers $100,000 when Mitt Romney and his staff purchased computer hard drives. "
" A study Massachusetts has lost 18,000 jobs because residents were required to obtain health insurance under an act signed into law by Mitt Romney. "
" ""Following the catastrophic, cascading collapse of major investment banks on Wall Street in 2007.....Nobody was prosecuted, no hearings were held and no reforms were implemented."" "
" ""Wisconsin election officials to accept Mickey Mouse, Hitler signatures"" on recall petitions. "
" in 1944 ""we were in debt more than twice as much as we are now."" "
 Texas did not bail out a loan program he oversaw as state agriculture commissioner. 
" George Allen cast ""the deciding vote"" for the 2003 Bush tax cuts. "
" ""We’re $15 trillion now in debt, with a president that’s racked up as much debt as almost all of the other presidents combined."" "
" ""In this country … we have more natural gas than Saudi Arabia has oil."" "
"""I balanced the budget for four straight years, paid off $405 billion in debt."" "
" ""After the debate that we had last week, PolitiFact came out and said that everything I said was true."" "
" DNC chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz ""denied unemployment went up under Obama."" "
" that according to one economist, $1 of unemployment benefits boosts the economy by $1.61. "
" ""The American Conservative Union gives [Rep. Tim] Ryan a dismal 0.0 percent rating for the billions he has contributed to our national debt."" "
"""The Obama administration just issued instructions that terrorism training should not involve any reference to Islam."" "
" ""Speaker Gingrich has said that we ought to get rid of our child labor laws."" "
" Since Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker took office, ""we are losing jobs at rates not seen in decades.""   "
" ""You look at defense … we're spending more than the rest of the world combined."" "
" ""Only one president has ever cut Medicare for seniors in this country . . . Barack Obama."" "
" In New York City, ""an entry level janitor gets paid twice as much as an entry level teacher."" "
" The Affordable Care Act is ""not the law of the land."" "
" ""Our federal government has lent $2 billion to the state-owned oil company of Brazil to allow them to explore for oil and gas.""   "
" ""We've got a personal tax system that's so complicated it costs Americans about $500 billion a year to comply with the current tax code."" "
" Mitt Romney, as governor of Massachusetts, ""put into place socialized medicine."" "
" the paperback edition of Mitt Romney's book deleted line that Massachusetts' individual mandate ""should be the model for the country"" "
" While CEOs of some large charities have big salaries, the heads of some veterans groups do the job for free. "
" I differed with my party on business legislation, on consumer protection, and on free trade agreements. "
" Our ""kids can’t openly celebrate Christmas or pray in school."" "
" ""The Fed created $15 trillion in the bailout process"" and $5 trillion went overseas. "
"""When the country was founded, Congress had exactly the same attitude about the sanctity of Christmas celebrations that a 7-Eleven does today: 'Yeah, we're open.'"" "
" ""Some billionaires have a tax rate as low as 1 percent."" "
" ""We have more natural gas in this country than Saudi Arabia has oil."" "
" recall organizers ""started their website last November"" and began work on their effort before he even took office. "
" ""99% of NJ voters do NOT support hunting."" "
"the congressional ethics investigation against him was conducted by ""a very partisan political committee"" in a way that ""related more to the politics of the Democratic Party than to ethics."" "
"""I never favored cap and trade."" "
" Mitt Romney belittled middle-class tax cuts ""as nothing more than 'little Band-Aids.' "" "
" Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker is making voting more difficult by closing Department of Motor Vehicles offices where ""low-income voters"" live. "
" Sen. Sherrod Brown ""has chosen to side with Washington bureaucrats and fringe extremists in the attacks on our natural resources."" "
"""The only reason the unemployment rate is going down is because … twice as many people dropped out of the employment pool as the number of jobs were created."" "
"President Barack Obama ""has now spent three years proving that he kills jobs in energy, he kills jobs in manufacturing."" "
" Sen. Sherrod Brown ""voted to block American energy production and increase energy taxes."" "
" U.S. Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz ""has blamed the Republicans for the creation of Hamas.""   "
" The St. Norbert College/Wisconsin Public Radio poll has ""been wrong in almost every election."" "
"Barack Obama had ""huge majorities"" in Congress during his first two years in office and ""did nothing with them to create jobs in America."" "
 the Department of Defense changed its definitions of al-Qaeda and the Taliban making it so almost anybody can be loosely associated with the groups. 
 Oregon has the sixth highest combined death tax rate in the country. 
" his 9-9-9 tax reform plan is not ""regressive."" "
"People can use food stamps ""for anything,"" including ""to go to Hawaii,"" and even millionaires can qualify. "
"signers of recall petitions against Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker are at risk because of newly ""discovered"" provisions in state law.   "
" ""Eighty-five percent . . . of Rhode Island tax returns that were filed for the year 2010 . . . were from individuals who earned $30,000 or less."" "
 Mitt Romney has changed his position on supporting the TARP program. 
" ""At a minimum, 40 percent of those who view child pornography end up molesting children as a result.""  "
"""For the past eight years, Gov. Carcieri and Mrs. Carcieri would host the lighting of the State House Christmas tree."" "
" Newt Gingrich ""has said that we should make the 11 million illegal workers that are in this country legal."" "
 Mitt Romney once supported President Obama’s health care plan but now opposes it. 
" Mitt Romney flip-flopped on supporting ""the president's Recovery Act."" "
" State budget cuts for local schools resulted in ""nearly 4,000 educator layoffs"" "
" ""While (Chris Christie) talks about job creation, we don't see jobs being created in this state."" "
" ""The overwhelming number"" of school districts reported their staff stayed the same or grew after the 2011-’13 state budget   "
" An independent payment advisory board created by in the health care reform law is ""like a Medicare IRS with the power to cut Medicare in order to pay for new government programs."" "
"""We have, right now, Hezbollah, which is working throughout Latin America, in Venezuela, in Mexico, throughout Latin America, which poses a very significant and imminent threat to the United States of America."" "
" Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said that ""if he has a nuclear weapon he will use it to wipe Israel off the face of the earth. He will use it against the United States of America."" "
" Dem-controlled Ohio House voted ""to change the process, to create objective criteria, to modify the Constitution"" ... to ""take politics out of the efforts to draw legislative boundaries."" "
" President Obama plans to ""impose a tax of at least 23 percent on the Medicare prescription drug benefit for low-income beneficiaries."" "
" Barack Obama said, ""If we keep talking about the economy, we’re going to lose."" "
"""I have sent over $400 million to the border of Mexico in the form of Texas Ranger recon teams."" "
 the Simpson-Bowles deficit reduction proposal urged raising $2 trillion in new revenue. 
"""Community banks … are being destroyed by Dodd-Frank."" "
" unemployment in Ohio ""is significantly higher than the unemployment rate in states which are not forced union states and it’s always been that way."" "
" the state auditor found that 37 percent of the 428,000 students receiving free and reduced-price lunches are ineligible. "
" ""Obama has (a) new Christmas tree tax."" "
" Stimulus money went to ""office upgrades for politicians."" "
" The largest number of gamblers are ""from the poorest segments of the population.""   "
 Wisconsin law all recall petition signers must sign in the presence of another person. 
" that Sen. Sherrod Brown is ""out there egging on a lot of these protesters who are spitting on policemen and going to the bathroom on policemen’s cars at these protests on Wall Street and other places.""  "
" ""If they made no changes whatsoever, the [state employees pension] plan still had enough money to go forward for approximately the next 16 years."" "
 President Barack Obama thinks Americans are lazy. 
" 23 percent of ninth graders in Newark will graduate with a high school diploma in four years and ""we spend $100,000 on their education in those four years, more than is spent on any other set of students in the United States."" "
" The United States' regulations ""are among the most difficult in the world.""  "
" ""The job [of correctional officer] lowers your life expectancy . . . Metropolitan did a study in, I believe it was 1998, and the life expectancy was 58."" "
" Under energy efficiency legislation sponsored by U.S. Sen. Jeanne Shaheen, ""federal bureaucrats could take over the local building code enforcement in your city if so-called ‘green mandates’ are not complied with quickly enough."" "
" ""(President Barack Obama gave) half a billion in taxpayer money to help his friends at Solyndra, a business the White House knew was on the path to bankruptcy."" "
" Gov. Scott Walker received a $7,300 pay raise. "
" George Allen's flat tax ""plan would actually shrink revenues further than the Perry (flat tax) plan."" "
" Suzanne Bonamici ""supports the $500 billion cut to Medicare passed last year."" "
" The federal ""limousine fleet has increased by 42 percent since Barack Obama took office."" "
" the Treasury Department ""41 percent of all business income reported on individual returns would be hit by the [millionaires’] surtax"" that ""would harm small businessmen and women, the very people we are counting on to create new jobs."" "
" ""Sixty-percent of the state retirees...don’t get Social Security.’’ "
" President Barack Obama, Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid support Rick Perry’s ""decision to give in-state tuition to illegal immigrants."" "
" ""By 2015, we will be sending so much interest"" to China that ""we will be paying for the entire People's Liberation Army."" "
 The city of Pembroke Pines doesn't have a vote in a plan to build a detention center in Southwest Ranches. 
" ""Over half of the people who would be taxed under (a millionaire surtax) are, in fact, small businesspeople."" "
" A bill supported by Gov. Scott Walker makes it ""so that drunk drivers who kill have an easier time of it."" "
" ""Governor Christie also remains the only Governor since World War II, among both Democrats and Republicans, who failed to have his party win control of at least one legislative body over the course of his term."" "
" Obama creates new tax on Christmas trees, fees get passed on to consumers. "
" ""If [Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed] wants to be like Bull Connor, then so be it."" "
" The EPA ""wants to hire 230,000 new government regulators that will cost the taxpayer $21 billion."" "
" ""We spend half a trillion dollars a year in tax preparation."" "
" ""You’re paying for...(state Sen. Diane Allen’s) health care, and she took yours away."" "
" that under his tax plan, ""no matter where you are in the stratosphere, you're going to be getting a tax cut."" "
 Wisconsin ranks 48th out of all 50 states in venture capital investment. 
" Rhode Island Treasurer Gina Raimondo ""raised the mortality rate from 65 to 87"" and ""used a 1994 annuity chart"" to create the pension crisis. "
" ""Corrupt political bosses. Money laundering. Fraud. It’s just another day at the office for Vin Gopal.""  "
" Repealing the health care law ""would save $95 billion in 2016."" "
 Proof of citizenship isn't necessary before you register to vote in Florida. 
 A state bill would end a longstanding requirement that local governments repair highways and sidewalks -- and block injured citizens from suing over neglected maintenance.   
" ""the City of Portland alone has 84 public relation representatives on payroll which cost taxpayers over $6.2 million (a year)."" "
" ""Government employees make 43 percent more in wages and benefits"" than private-sector workers. "
" ""Thirty million Americans, including a lot of people in Florida, are going to be able to get healthcare next year because of that law."" "
" ""New Jersey alone, my home state, is facing a ten-and-a-half billion dollar shortfall in its 2012 fiscal budget. This means more cuts in state and local spending for education, which means our kids are hurt."" "
" ""They talk about this problem with binding arbitration. It doesn’t make a lot of sense to me to have somebody from Los Angeles fly into Zanesville and impose a wage settlement on you ... and then they’re on the plane back to Los Angeles."" "
"""tanking"" Rick Perry’s federal tax plan has ""huge tax cuts for rich people and big tax hikes for everyone else."" "
" China is ""trying to develop nuclear capability."" "
 Measure 3-386 will cost a fortune for elections while Measure 3-388 will cost less. 
" ""If Rhode Island does a hybrid [retirement] plan we’ll be the first state in the nation to do this.’’ "
" ""I made a bunch of these promises during the campaign. ... We've got about 60 percent done in three years."""
" ""In the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, it was the Democrats who cut $500 billion from Medicare. And they also put in place the Independent Payment Advisory Board, 15 unelected bureaucrats, which will be making decisions about health care for our seniors and for all Americans."""
" ""Under Barack Obama's watch, we have expended $805 billion to liberate the people of Iraq and, more importantly, 4,400 American lives."""
" that ""we brought CHI Manufacturing, that had business in China, back to"" Texas."
" state Senate President Stephen ""Sweeney gave us the nation's highest income tax rates, driving out jobs."""
" ""The State of Rhode Island has the worst state-funded pension in the country."""
"""A recent Department of Labor study guessed Wall Street fees cost a worker 28 percent of the value of your plan over the span of your career."" "
" The departments of Commerce, Education and Energy and the EPA saw their spending increase by between 130 percent and 219 percent between 2008 and 2010."
 Gov. Scott Walker’s plan to freeze pay for state employees includes a 5.4 percent raise for himself.
" Barack Obama is the ""First President to terminate America’s ability to put a man in space."""
"Former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin was right that President Barack Obama’s health care bill created what ""would, in effect, be death panels."" "
" U.S. Rep. Paul Ryan’s budget proposal ""eliminates Medicare"" in 10 years."
" Medicare monthly premiums will go up to $104.20 in 2012 and $247.00 in 2014 due to ""provisions incorporated in the Obamacare legislation, purposely delayed so as not to 'confuse' the 2012 re-election campaigns."""
" ""You are prohibited from walking into the Capitol with a gun, but you can go after the County Commission or the School Board."" "
" Herman Cain is a ""pro-choice candidate."""
" ""The largest category of people coming into the technical schools in Wisconsin are people with four-year degrees."""
" ﻿﻿""Since Mayor Kennedy O’Brien took office Sayreville has issued 22,081 building permits! Now O’Brien is holding secret meetings with big developers.""  "
" ""Minimum wage = $16,000/year CEO-Goldman Sachs (Lloyd Blankfein) $16,000/Hour."""
" ""Not a single segment of the proposed Beltline intersects the MARTA system at MARTA stations."""
" Congressional Republicans have introduced dozens of bills on social issues and other topics, but ""zero on job creation."" "
" GOP presidential hopeful Herman Cain called Ron Paul’s followers ""ignorant."""
" Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker’s ""actions are directly responsible for killing at least 15,000 jobs."""
"the national heath care reform is ""a government takeover of health care."" "
 there's $4 billion in private investment along the streetcar. 
"his parents ""came to America following Fidel Castro's takeover"" of Cuba. "
" ""We cut property taxes by one-third in the state of Texas while I’ve been governor."""
" The stimulus created ""zero jobs."" "
" ""Many people I’ve talked to are angry that because of City Hall inaction we may have to spend a needless $500 million to cover and treat our pure drinking water."""
" The newly created state Immigration Enforcement Review Board ""can actually prosecute, and get them [violators] into jail, if we bring in the attorney general."""
" With recent growth ""it is very clear that private-sector jobs have been doing fine."""
" ""Foster children are disproportionately victims of identity theft."""
" ""Obamacare is so flat-out unpopular, that even the Obama administration chose to reject part of Obamacare last Friday, when they tried to throw out the CLASS Act, which is the long-term care function."""
" ""We saw the president of the United States engage American troops in a fourth conflict in a foreign land. This is historic."""
" ""Nearly 14,000 Wisconsinites have lost their job since Governor Walker and the Republicans took over in January."""
" ""(Sen. Robert) Gordon cost us money, exempting the Newark sports arena from paying property taxes and sticking us with the bill."" "
" The 9-9-9 plan ""does not raise taxes on those that are making the least."""
" ""I don't think I've ever hired an illegal in my life."""
" Romney wrote in the first edition of his book that his health care plan should be expanded nationwide and then, ""You took it out of your book."""
" ""If a President Romney got a call from the president of the (Mormon church), he has no choice but to obey. It is obedience over family and country."""
" Appalachian Power Company is making ""record profits."""
" Barack Obama ""never worked in the private sector"" before he was elected president."
" The Department of Energy’s ""Billion Ton Study"" has shown that wind and solar energy combined ""could at best provide only 5 percent of our total energy needs."""
 Texas Senate hopeful Donna Campbell doesn’t live in the district she’s hoping to win in 2012.
" he’s ""never asked for more"" than inflationary budget increases in his 10 budgets as Milwaukee County sheriff"
" ""There are now Occupy Wall Street camps in hundreds of cities across the United States."""
" the National Labor Relations Board told Boeing that it ""can't build a factory in a non-union state."""
" ""Romneycare has … killed 18,000 Massachusetts jobs."""
" ""The Tax Foundation figures Rhode Island as the 10th highest state for state and local tax burden per capita in the country. We're the 6th worst in the country for the business tax index. We're the 3rd highest per capita in the country for all taxes."""
" ""The IRS is already planning on 19,500 new employees to administer"" Obama’s health care mandate."
" someone earning $50,000 a year will fare better under his ""9-9-9"" plan than under the current tax system."
" ""Our unemployment rate has been higher than 8 percent for more than two-and-a-half years, far above what the Obama Administration promised with the 'stimulus.' """
" ""any attempt to try to compare"" the Massachusetts health care law with the federal health care law is ""completely, intellectually dishonest. Governor Romney did not raise one tax in doing what he did."" "
" ""Every worker pays 15.3 percent payroll tax."""
" ""Bryce Reeves chaired a group bankrolled by a New York billionaire who fired hundreds of Virginia workers and sent their jobs to China."" "
" ""These 15 political appointees (on the IPAB) will make all the major health care decisions for over 300 million Americans."""
" In the early 1960s, all levels of government were ""consuming about 27 percent of the U.S. economy,"" a number that has risen to 37 percent today. With that trendline, ""we cease at some point to be a free economy."""
"El Paso was named America’s ""Safest Large City"" a year after San Antonio, Houston and Dallas had the nation’s highest crime rates. "
 Bill Clinton opposes President Barack Obama's plan to raise taxes on wealthy Americans.
" iPads and iPhones ""are built in the United States of America."""
" ""The reality is that we have roughly 15,000 undocumented immigrants living in the state..."""
Say the ratio of CEO pay to average worker pay in the U.S. is 475 to 1. 
" ""Senate Bill 5 makes it harder for nurses to give the patients the quality care they need."""
" Vince Polistina is ""collecting nearly $70,000 in taxpayer-funded salaries -- plus a government pension."""
" ""Today, the Social Security system is broke."""
" Gains in Atlanta Public Schools scores on a national standardized test lend credence to ""dramatic"" score increases on state tests."
" that politicians who approved collective bargaining restrictions for public employees ""exploited a loophole exempting themselves from Senate Bill 5."""
 Say water fluoridation started in Nazi Germany ghettos and death camps to pacify the Jews.
" Barack Obama is a ""hypocrite"" for criticizing President George W. Bush’s ""drone attack program,"" then using it aggressively as president."
" ""Republicans enacted the most drastic cuts to K-12 public schools of any state in the nation.""  "
" An Environmental Protection Agency regulation that goes into effect Jan. 1, 2012, regulates dust."
"the federal government hosted a conference and ""ordered 250 muffins at 16 bucks a piece."" "
" When he took office in 2009, President Barack Obama ""had the biggest Democratic majorities in Congress since Lyndon Johnson."""
" Gov. Chris Christie has ""now come up with a new agenda"" for ethics reform in September 2011.  "
" Wisconsin's new state budget includes ""a 15 percent increase for road construction and yet we’ve got local towns tearing up"" paved roads and replacing them with gravel."
" ""[Federal] law that you can't give in-state tuition to an illegal alien … unless you first offer it to any other student regardless of their state of residence."""
" ""Florida is the first state requiring drug testing to receive welfare!"""
" U.S. Sen Sherrod Brown ""promised that the first stimulus bill would fund the Brent Spence Bridge."""
"President Barack Obama failed ""to stand up for the bipartisan debt solutions of the Simpson-Bowles Commission."" "
 The Atlanta Beltline paid nearly $3.5 million for less than a quarter-acre.
" ""If we had been on 'Obamacare' and a bureaucrat was trying to tell me when I could get that CAT scan, that would have delayed my treatment."""
" Stimulus money funded a government board that made recommendations that would cost 378,000 jobs and $28.3 billion in sales. "
" ""We have asked public employees to pay 10 percent of the costs of their guaranteed pension and 15 percent of the cost of their health care. ... The leadership of those public employees unions don't want to pay anything."""
" Despite opposition from national Club for Growth, Club for Growth Wisconsin ""has endorsed"" him for U.S. Senate."
" ""our taxes have doubled"" with Rick Perry in office. "
" ""This is the worst jobs recovery since the Great Depression."""
" Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker ""is denying Democrats the right to vote."""
" Rick Perry is ""spending more money than the state takes in, covering his deficits with record borrowing."""
" ""In the past six years alone, changes to the pension formula … have saved over half a billion dollars."""
" Rick Perry wrote a letter ""supporting Hillarycare."""
 that Romney touted the Massachusetts health plan for the nation in his hardcover book but then deleted it for the paperback edition.
" he ""got lobbied"" by a woman with late-stage cancer about vaccinating Texas girls against a virus that can cause cervical cancer."
" he never said he wanted to move Social Security ""back to the states."" "
" ""President Obama has the lowest public approval ratings of any president in modern times."""
 U.S. Rep. Tammy Baldwin is backing President Barack Obama’s plan to pass a $1.5 trillion tax increase.
 credit rating agencies realize that our instability stems in large part from Oregon’s kicker system.
"""The federal government has not engaged in (border security) at all."" "
" President Obama ""went around the world and apologized for America."""
" ""Wisconsin is broke,"" and ""state government is $3 billion in debt."""
" Mitt Romney wrote that if Social Security was done ""in the private sector, it would be called criminal."""
" ""We do about 300 investigations a year into housing discrimination and in recent years have put about $150,000 of damages into the pockets of individuals who have been treated unfairly."""
" ""[Eighty-five percent] of the funds collected in each county will be redistributed elsewhere -- not spent in the county in which it is collected."""
" that even if you have no children, ""under Obamacare, you would still have to carry insurance that covers pediatric, maternity and newborn care even though you do not need it."""
" ""An amazing 5,400 jobs were lost in the first 12 months of the (smoking) ban’s implementation in Ohio’s hospitality industry alone."""
" ""The Green Bay Packers are a socialist organization."""
" that three of these five Republicans -- Ben Westlund, Rob Patridge, Max Williams, Lane Shetterly, Lynn Lundquist -- later became Democrats."
 the vaccine to prevent HPV can cause mental retardation.
" ""Two-thirds of Granite Staters oppose the Tea Party"" and its agenda on labor unions."
" CNN's Wolf Blitzer was wrong to say that ""the wealthiest Americans, they pay the most in taxes already -- 50 percent of Americans don't even pay any federal income tax."""
" ""I asked the unions to pay into their own health care insurance ... and they said I was being unreasonable. I requested that they contribute toward their own pensions ... and they screamed it was unfair."""
" The jobs bill includes ""President Obama's tax on soup kitchens"""
" ""The majority last quarter of Sherrod Brown's campaign contributions came from outside of the state of Ohio."""
" ""160,000 kids stay home every day because they are afraid to go to school because of bullying."""
" In the New York 9th District, ""there is a large number of people who went to the polls tonight who didn't support the president to begin with and don't support Democrats -- and it's nothing more than that."""
" ""Rick Perry doubled spending in a decade."""
"Rick Perry and the Republican-controlled Texas Legislature ""managed to slash the budget of the volunteer fire departments in our state by 75 percent in the last legislative session,"" reducing their abilities to fight recent wildfires. "
 The premiums on Medicare’s prescription drug program have fallen almost every year since it began.
" ""The first round of stimulus ... it created zero jobs."""
" ""We know that President Obama stole over $500 billion out of Medicare to switch it over to Obamacare."""
" Social Security is a ""Ponzi scheme."""
" Takes credit for ""reining in"" state spending when he was governor."
" ""Since the beginning of the year we've created a net increase of 45,000 jobs."""
" Ben Bernanke has been the most ""inflationary"" chairman in the history of the Federal Reserve."
 The Wisconsin Department of Corrections is considering implementing mandatory physical fitness testing for security staff.
" ""Every time the Legislature 'suspended' the kicker, most recently the corporate kicker in 2007, Salem spent every penny and failed to stabilize the state's revenues."""
" ""The academic achievements of our student-athletes are mentioned in the same breath and spirit as Notre Dame and Stanford."""
" The deal to raise the nation’s debt ceiling will ""directly link a debt ceiling increase to spending cuts for the first time ever."""
" The Massachusetts health care plan ""dealt with 8 percent of our population,"" far less than the ""100 percent of American people"" affected by President Barack Obama’s health care law."
" ""Congressman Bill Young voted to cut taxes for millionaires and end your Medicare."" "
" ""(U.S. Reps.) Paul Ryan, Sean Duffy and Reid Ribble are … shutting down town hall meetings, or making their constituents pay to attend them."" "
" Say Ohio Reps. Marcia Fudge, Marcy Kaptur and Dennis Kucinich are ""socialists who are openly serving in the U.S. Congress."""
 Say Texas U.S. Reps. Eddie Bernice Johnson and Sheila Jackson Lee are among open Socialists in Congress.
" A new college tuition reciprocity agreement with Minnesota ""makes college education more affordable for Wisconsin residents."""
" ""Mayor Fung wants to punish our children's education by removing 12 million dollars from current funding to pay for his private charter school. Your taxes would increase by between 6 and 8 percent per year."""
" Barack Obama’s ""favorability rating in Israel once clocked in at 4 percent."""
" Florida U.S. Reps. Corrine Brown, Alcee Hastings and Frederica Wilson are Socialists."
" Oregon state employees received a ""catch-up"" pay raise in 1981 -- just two years after they agreed not to take a raise in exchange for a retirement benefit."
" U.S. Reps. Hank Johnson, John Lewis and other members of the Congressional Progressive Caucus are ""socialists who are openly serving in the U.S. Congress."""
" President Barack Obama ""has virtually no one in his cabinet with private-sector experience."""
 President Barack Obama delivered $2 billion to Brazil to help with offshore drilling projects.
" that in 2009 ExxonMobil ""paid no federal income taxes, received a $156 million rebate."""
" Say New Jersey Reps. Donald Payne and Frank Pallone are ""socialists who are openly serving in the U.S. Congress."""
" ""As we near the 10th anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attacks, we should not forget that some of the hijackers used New Jersey driver’s licenses to board those aircraft."""
"there’s not ""much evidence to suggest that people have (contributed to global warming) or can do very much to change anything."" "
" In Afghanistan, ""it is very, very rare that someone who is killed in action is not killed by an"" improvised explosive device, or IED."
" Say Oregon Reps. Peter DeFazio and Earl Blumenauer are ""socialists who are openly serving in the U.S. Congress."""
"""We spend less on defense today as % of GDP than at any time since Pearl Harbor."" "
" Democrats in the Legislature in 2009 voted for various ""pork projects"" including ""a $5 million scoreboard for the Milwaukee Bucks."" "
" direct shipment of wine ""makes underage drinking as simple as a mouse click."""
 Public-employee unions spent $30 million in Wisconsin unsuccessfully trying to flip the state Senate to Democratic control.
" ""I've created over 40,000 jobs."""
" his hometown of Paint Creek, Texas, ""doesn’t even have a ZIP code."""
"""The studies have shown us that [drug testing for welfare recipients] will be saving us money"" "
" Texas gained 21,000 doctors due to tort reform."
 The 2009-11 state budget that Democrats approved left Wisconsin taxpayers $3.6 billion in debt.
" Gov. Rick Scott is ""spending a quarter of a million of our tax dollars to robocall people."""
"Scientists are ""questioning the original idea that man-made global warming is what is causing the climate to change. … (It is) more and more being put into question."" "
" The Dodd-Frank financial-reform law’s hundreds of new rules will force small banks and credit unions to burn up ""an estimated 2,260,631 labor hours just for compliance."""
"Providence's port is ""200 miles closer to Europe than any other Eastern port."" "
" Texas schools have had ""massive increases"" in class sizes with Rick Perry as governor."
 Rick Perry flip-flopped on gay marriage by first saying it was a state’s rights issue and then saying he was in favor of a federal constitutional amendment banning gay marriage.
" Democrats failed to flip the Wisconsin state Senate because recall elections were in the ""deepest red districts in the state."""
" The results of Atlanta Public School’s 2010 and 2011 CRCT tests ""have not been questioned."""
" ""In Texas, we teach both creationism and evolution in our public schools."""
" Virginia has made ""no progress on jobs"" since Bob McDonnell took office."
" Under Gov. Scott Walker, ""unemployment is increasing in Wisconsin at twice the rate it is nationally."""
 a Senate resolution would restore $140 in monthly general assistance payments and prevent people from committing crime.
" Thirty-seven percent of Central Falls’ retired police officers and firefighters are out on disability pensions; in most municipalities, about 5 percent of retirees collect disability pensions."
" ""Our credit rating went up since I've been in office."" "
" Rick Perry ""wanted to secede from the union."""
" that he did ""not exactly"" say that communities have the right to ban mosques."
 the government wants to require farm tractor drivers to hold commercial driver’s licenses even if they’re just crossing a single public road.
" ""Credit agency Rep. Gibbs recklessly caused downgrade, higher interest rates."""
"""The weight of the evidence (on global warming) is that most of it, maybe all of it, is because of natural causes ... it’s fair to say the science is in dispute."" "
"Statistically, law-enforcement officers die 10 years earlier than the general population. "
" When Standard & Poor's ""dropped our credit rating, what they said is, we don't have an ability to repay our debt. ... I was proved right in my position"" that the debt ceiling should not have been raised."
" ""President Obama and Democrats' spending addiction has driven our national debt to historic proportions, maxed out our national credit card and has now led to the Democrat Downgrade of our country's AAA credit rating."""
" Democratic state Sen. Jim Holperin ""voted against a property tax freeze"" in 2009 and then voted for a ""$1.5 billion property tax hike."""
" ""The country's bankrupt."" "
 Virginia has a responsibility to fund 55 percent of public education and is paying just 41 percent.
" The Republican National Convention ""is a Super Bowl times four."""
" ""We're inches away from no longer having a free economy."""
" he ""helped bring"" Uline company to Kenosha area, ""creating 800 local jobs."""
 High-speed rail would have cost Florida taxpayers $1 billion to build.
" ""Two elections in a row (Waukesha County Clerk Kathy Nickolaus) has screwed up counting the vote""  "
" ""In the '80s, Democrats promised spending cuts, but delivered only tax hikes."""
" The Northwest Corridor highway project in Cobb and Cherokee counties ""is expected to create over 9,700 jobs statewide."""
 his Twitter account has 1.3 million followers.
" The debt-ceiling bill ""doesn’t cut the debt. It will add about $7 trillion in new debt over the next 10 years."""
" ""You might be surprised to know that 137 billion gallons flows (into Lake Erie) every day. You might be surprised to know that only 86.3 billion gallons flow out. ... Leaving us a net surplus of approximately 50 billion gallons a day."" "
" ""Illegal immigration costs state taxpayers over $3 billion every year.""  "
" state Sen. Alberta Darling is ""allowing mercury to harm our children"" because she voted against an electronics recycling bill."
" state Rep. Sandy Pasch ""did nothing to stop"" people from scamming the Wisconsin Shares child-care subsidy program and voted against funding for fraud investigators."
" state Rep. Sandy Pasch, her recall opponent, ""voted to allow public school employees to use taxpayer dollars to pick up the tab for…Viagra."""
" ""Rick Perry ended full-day Pre-K for 100,000 Texas children."""
" Atlanta Public Schools’ 2011 CRCT tests were ""given under the strictest security possible."""
" Sen. Luther Olsen, his recall opponent, supported the sale of state-owned power plants ""not to the highest bidder, but to the biggest donors"" with no oversight."
" Sen. Robert Cowles, her recall opponent, supported the sale of state-owned power plants ""not to the highest bidder, but to the biggest donors"" with no oversight."
 Tax increases under Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm led to state unemployment going from 6.8 percent to 15.3 percent.
 Democrats cut $35 million from the state budget for Information Technology improvements.
" ""There's no money in Social Security."" "
" There was a ""loss of eight million jobs during the Bush eight years."""
" ""One of the biggest polluters in our country is the Milwaukee Metropolitan Sewerage District."""
" ""The (State Board of Administration) transparency issue got a great airing the last legislative session."""
" ""Social Security doesn’t contribute a penny to the deficit."""
" Under last year’s health care reform, ""a bunch of bureaucrats decide whether you get care, such as continuing on dialysis or cancer chemotherapy."""
" In contrast to President Barack Obama, who ""is not acting presidential,"" President Ronald Reagan ""would never go into the Oval Office without his jacket on — that's how much he revered the presidency."""
" U.S. Rep. Ron Kind’s ""stimulus cost taxpayers $278,000 per job."""
 (Rep. Bob Goodlatte's) balanced budget amendment does not require a balanced budget.
 New Jersey has fewer jobs since Gov. Chris Christie took office.
" ""The RI Board of Elections has heard official testimony from Providence residents who claim to have witnessed known illegal aliens voting in local elections."""
" opponent David Dewhurst is a ""career politician."""
" ""This is the first time in the history that we've had the raising of a debt limit also with spending cuts."""
"Since 1965, the United States has spent ""untold trillions"" yet the poverty rate hasn’t budged. "
" ""Harry Reid’s plan is basically giving the president a blank check."""
" that when he was governor of Utah, he worked with the state Legislature to create a flat tax that ""cut income taxes by 30 percent."""
" Ohio Treasurer Josh Mandel ""supports allowing the United States to default on its obligations."""
" ""over 50 percent of U.S. job growth in June came"" from Wisconsin."
 stores will be barred from selling 100-watt light bulbs as of 2012.
" In Europe, ""church attendance rates (are) in the single digits"" because churches are supported by taxes."
" Democratic recall opponent Shelly Moore ""opposes any limit on taxes.""  "
" ""The U.S. won't default, because default means that you don't pay your creditors. And it takes about 10 percent of the money that's coming in right now"" to pay interest to bondholders."
" The House passed ""cut, cap and balance"" with ""bipartisan support."""
" state Sen. Randy Hopper, R-Fond du Lac, unlike typical taxpayers, ""didn’t pay taxes"" "
" ""If you're from Guatemala and you are found illegally in Mexico, you are automatically jailed."""
" unemployment in Trenton is ""twice as much as what we see in every other area of the state"" and, as a result, ""we have seen an increase in crime."""
" ""China owns more of our bonds than do Americans."""
" The 2011-13 state budget ""cuts overall funding for public schools by $1.6 billion"""
" The Atlanta streetcar is expected to create 930 jobs during construction, totaling more than 5,600 jobs over the next 20 years."
" ""A clause hidden in the Obamacare bill, which is now law, gives Obama the right to form a private army."""
" Wisconsin Senate recall candidate Jessica King ""voted to increase her pay with taxpayer dollars by 63 percent."""
" ""The only growth sector that we’ve had in the last two years in America is government growth."""
" ""Federal law requires that hospitals treat people whether or not they can pay. So someone (who) doesn’t have health insurance --  they can go to the hospital and get free care."""
 Said his mother had to fight with health insurance companies for treatment because of a pre-existing condition.
 the new Dodd-Frank financial law requires a 20 percent down payment to buy a house.
" Virginia state employees ""pay nothing"" toward their pensions."
"""Dubious taxpayer-funded"" stimulus spending -- Part II. "
 this House processed and approved as many bills as previous Legislatures.
" ""Your tax dollars are not being used to sue you, the people."""
" ""The Florida Legislature has not filed a lawsuit to fight Amendments 5 and 6."""
" During his first year, President Obama said he ""was going to visit Kim Jong-ll and Ahmadinejad and Assad and Chavez – the worst actors in the world."""
" President Barack Obama’s ""own economists say the stimulus cost $278K per job ‘created.’ """
" ""Every time we've cut the capital gains tax, the economy has grown. Whenever we raise the capital gains tax, it's been damaged."""
" a new report proves the stimulus supported by N.J. Democrats cost $278,000 per job."
 Texas is the only state that exempts jet fuel from its state motor fuels tax.
" ""Under our (2011-’13) budget, the average (Wisconsin) property taxpayer will save $700."""
 Planned Parenthood provides about 140 visits for prenatal care in each state.  
 The $290 million structural surplus in the 2011-’13 Wisconsin budget is not real because it is based on the assumption that Congress will reinstate the estate tax.
 $500 billion in Medicare cuts are coming.
" ""The clear majority of Republican voters think that any deficit reduction package should have a balanced approach and should include some revenues."""
" Under Ryan plan, ""those 54 and younger would receive the same kind of healthcare options now enjoyed by members of Congress."""
" ""POTUS’ economists: ‘Stimulus’ Has Cost $278,000 per job."""
 a quote at the top of the redesigned website for the Department of Justice comes from a socialist who wanted to impose global common law.
" state Sen. Sheila Harsdorf wants to ""eliminate Medicare"" as we know it."
" Florida’s proposed Health Care Freedom Act ""will allow Floridians to opt out of Obama’s govt. takeover of healthcare!"""
" scientists are ""in dispute"" over whether being gay is a choice."
" new GOP Wisconsin Assembly members ""voted to take funding away from their public schools in their districts to give it to private Milwaukee voucher schools."""
"""There are 30,000 people that have been killed with seat belts."" "
"Marco Rubio is a ""Miami lobbyist."""
" ""The [Georgia] General Assembly took away the Atlanta Board of Education’s oversight of the superintendent."""
" ""I sponsored and was the co-sponsor of the only legislation that ever passed that had E-Verify provisions in it back in 2010 when I served in the Legislature.""   "
" Because of Democratic tax hikes, New Jersey ended a decade with fewer private sector jobs for the first time in recorded history."
" Slim Jims ""just recently"" cost 99 cents but now cost $2.69."
 legislative debate of airport pat-down procedures initiated federal changes in security procedures.
" Former Atlanta Public Schools Superintendent Beverly Hall left the school district ""significantly better than she found it."""
" U.S. Sen. Sherrod Brown is responsible for ""over $14 trillion in debt."""
 many public-employee unions falsely told their Wisconsin members his budget-repair bill sought 12 percent to 13 percent of their incomes for health insurance premiums.
 the average government worker won't be impacted in the first two years under the reform of state health benefits.
" ""Dubious taxpayer-funded stimulus projects in Rhode Island include … $250,000 to provide digital television to the state’s inmate population."""
" Newt Gingrich’s presidential campaign has ""exactly the same"" challenges as Ronald Reagan’s successful 1980 bid."
" ""Under Gov. Rick Perry’s leadership [Texas] has created more jobs over the last decade than the rest of the states combined."""
" that under City Council Member Randi Shade, Austin had the ""highest city debt per person in Texas."""
" A year since the ""Recovery Summer,"" there has been been ""a fall, winter and spring of no recovery."""
 U.S. House opponent Michael Williams does not live in and has never voted in the congressional district he’s seeking to represent.
" U.S. Reps. John Barrow and Sanford Bishop and their fellow Democrats ""went on a spending spree and now their credit card is maxed out."""
" ""Only the State of New York spends more money on Medicaid than the State of New Jersey."""
" that President Obama said, ""Nobody made these guys go to war. ... Now they whine about bearing the costs of their choice?"" "
 $6 billion projected to accumulate in the state’s rainy day fund is already used.
"""One of the reasons that Budweiser stayed in New Jersey is the money they got from RGGI to put solar on their roof to save on their energy costs."" "
" ""Voted the ‘best specialty plate in America’"""
" Two years ago we had ""the largest structural deficit ever in Wisconsin."""
" Gov. Chris Christie owes the state money ""for amenities like extra Gorgonzola cheese for his staff on these trips."""
" ""Rick Scott has destroyed over 100,000 jobs."""
" ""My husband and I have never gotten a penny of money from the farm."""
" Wisconsin’s 2011-13 state budget contains ""no fee increases"""
"Ethanol reduced gas prices by 89 cents per gallon in 2010, and if ethanol disappeared, gas prices could rise by as much as 92 percent. "
" President Barack Obama’s overturning of the Mexico City Policy means federal tax dollars can be used ""to fund abortion all over the world."""
" Georgia’s illegal immigration crackdown laws should be called the ""Brown Codes"" because of their similarity to the ""Black Codes"" governing blacks after the Civil War."
" ""Protesters caused $7.5 million in damage to the Wisconsin State House"""
 he can’t release his internal affairs record because there are Attorney General guidelines in place protecting it.
" ""What I have done -- and this is unprecedented ... is I've said to each agency ... 'look at regulations that are already on the books and if they don't make sense, let's get rid of them.'""  "
" ""The American people don't want us to raise taxes."""
" ""We do not want to raise anybody's tax rates. That's never been on the table."""
" ""There is no $30 million pot of money"" for redistricting issues, including defending redistricting lawsuits. ""Your tax dollars are not being spent on anything like that.""  "
" ""We've got more revenue than we ever have."""
" ""Rep. Jim Renacci’s plan to end Medicare also puts nursing home care for 3,000 seniors in the district in immediate jeopardy."""
" ""(Birmingham, Ala.) is the cradle of the civil rights movement."""
" ""Since 2004, there have been some 1,300 attacks (on rail targets). Four thousand people have died. Thousands of injuries."""
" ""Under Barack Obama the last two years, the number of federal limousines for bureaucrats has increased 73 percent."""
" ""If you threw a barbecue yesterday for the Memorial weekend, it was 29 percent more expensive than last year because Barack Obama's policies have led to groceries going up 29 percent."""
" ""The president released all of the oil from the Strategic Oil Reserve."""
" ""Hispanic unemployment has been ticking down from an all-time high of 13.9 percent because of the policies we’ve implemented."""
" There is a Republican ""plan to end Medicare."""
" A ""substantial number"" of probationers participating in a pilot project to ease the farm labor shortage are able to ""finish the work."""
" ""The state’s tax burden has, according to census figures released today, cost our state another 190,000 residents in 2009."""
" The WIC program ""is an incredibly cost effective program, serving nearly 10 million Americans each year and costing less than $100 per person. In my district, more than 18 percent of residents suffer from food insecurity and depend on WIC to make ends meet."""
" ""Under Randi Shade,"" Austin has ""had the highest cost of living of any large Texas city.""  "
" Gov. Chris Christie’s ""poll ratings have been going up."""
" In the Republican presidential debate in New Hampshire, none of the candidates mentioned the ""middle class"" or ""education."""
" President Barack Obama promised he would cut the deficit in half, but instead will at least double it."
" Phil Puckett ""voted no on sending the EPA a message that they’ve gone too far not once, but twice."""
" Vern Buchanan ""has been completely exonerated"" in a Federal Election Commission action."
" Multnomah County’s food action plan ""clearly plans to disrupt the free market system in terms of food choices making it harder and more expensive for many residents to eat their food of choice."" "
" ""(New Jersey Network) is the only news station which covers New Jersey government."""
" that Sherrod Brown ""voted to cut Medicare by over $500 billion in order to fund government-run health care."""
" After not having any foreign trade offices overseas for the past decade, New Jersey opened offices in Shanghai and London in the past six months, and has seen an 18 percent increase in exports."
" ""Two thirds of the people in Wisconsin strongly disagree with this idea of permanently taking away people’s rights to collective bargaining.""  "
" ""As the Democrats finally maxed out their government spending credit card Monday, Kurt Schrader continued to stand with his party leaders in failing to offer any viable long-term solution."""
" The ACLU didn't call for an investigation (of the Newark police department), they called for an immediate federal monitor."
"""Who are the most consistently misinformed media viewers? … Fox viewers, consistently, every poll."" "
" ""President Obama and liberal former DNC Chairman Tim Kaine’s $787 billion stimulus failed to create jobs."""
" ""Janice Hahn hired hard-core gang members with taxpayer money to be 'gang-intervention specialists.' She even helped them get out of jail, so they could rape and kill again."""
 Muslims tried to use Sharia law to influence court decisions in New Jersey and Oklahoma
" tax revenue was lower than expected in May and ""that's basically a clear indication the governor's counselors are probably right -- that we are still not out of the woods yet."""
Ocean Spray is moving its Bordentown processing facility to Pennsylvania largely because of costs associated with the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative. 
 Allen West violated federal law by scuba diving with U.S. flag.
" ""The president came in and campaigned against me 12 times."""
" ""Do this research … watch how much crime picks up if you take away [football]."""
" Democratic tax hikes led $70 billion of wealth to leave New Jersey between 2004 and 2008, and mainly relocate to Florida, North Carolina, Virginia and Pennsylvania."
" ""This is the slowest job recovery since Hoover."""
" Milwaukee’s police chief can fire officers ""for basically no cause."""
" ""It’s just crazy that the government will ... make it illegal to use the old [incandescent] bulbs."" "
" President Barack Obama ""has put (up) a stop sign … against oil drilling, against any kind of exploration offshore or in Alaska."""
" George LeMieux ""even compared Marco Rubio to Barack Obama."""
" ""The cost-of-living increase in Social Security is tied to wage inflation."""
" Protesters ""attacked"" the group’s headquarters with ""graffiti on the sidewalk"" and ""stenciled images … smeared on the building and statue."""
" ""For a young man or woman who is entering the ninth grade in Newark this year, they have a 29 percent graduation rate."""
" ""China owns about 29 percent of (the U.S.) debt.''"
" ""The CBO, the Congressional Budget Office has said that Obamacare will kill 800,000 jobs."""
" ""Earlier this year, the head of the Congressional Budget Office testified before Congress that implementation of Obamacare would cost 800,000 jobs."""
" Gov. Chris Christie's decision to close the Elizabeth MVC ""saved no money."""
" ""We have unemployment that rivals the Great Depression."""
" Because Gov. Chris Christie vetoed a 30-bill job creation package, ""New Jersey ranks 50th in the nation in job creation."""
" ""Ten percent of violent deaths in the U.S. each year are due to strangulation."""
" Non-defense discretionary spending has increased ""by over 80 percent in the last two years."""
" U.S. Rep. Paul Ryan promised to ""end health care for our seniors."""
 Roughly 700 Georgians die needlessly each year because they are too far from a trauma center.
 Rick Perry said there’s an administrator for every teacher in Texas public schools.
 Panasonic stayed in New Jersey because of the Business Retention and Relocation Assistance Grant (BRRAG) program.
"Commerce Secretary nominee John Bryson ""appears to endorse world government."" "
" By advocating new requirements for voters to show ID cards at the polls, Republicans ""want to literally drag us all the way back to Jim Crow laws."""
" ""The (national) debt really added up $75 trillion in 2010 and is on track to hit $99 trillion this year."""
" ""Rep. Robert Hurt voted again today to end Medicare and raise health care costs for Virginia seniors."""
" ""I did not say that I would not have them [Muslims] in my Cabinet."""
 Accuses President Barack Obama of making contradictory claims about efforts to kill Osama bin Laden in 2008 and 2011.
" Planned Parenthood ""raked in more than $300 million in profits over the past four years."""
" ""We have the best schools in the United States."""
 the Ohio Consumers’ Council office employs 74 lawyers and that the funding them is wasteful duplication.
"""Part of his ride was to warn the British that were already there that, 'Hey, you're not going to succeed.' "" "
" ""We had (a bill) in Florida where we now are prohibiting doctors to talk -- particularly pediatricians -- to talk to their patients about gun safety in the home."""
" U.S. Rep. Ron Kind, D-Wis., ""and his fellow Democrats went on a spending spree and now their credit card is maxed out"""
" ""We’re the seventh highest taxed state in America. And that’s not just state, it’s local as well."""
" ""We in the Democratic Party had no input into the locations of these hearings, nor did we have input into the process."""
" Michigan and Massachusetts raised their bottle deposit and ""could no longer afford the program because the redemptions were so high there was no profit in there."""
" Wisconsin’s technical college graduates ""have a higher employment rate and starting salaries"" than four-year college graduates nationwide."
 Wisconsin state Senate President Michael Elllis (R-Neenah) broke Senate rules during debate on a photo ID bill for voters.
" ""Every time you buy an airline ticket, the federal government runs a background check on you."""
" The Central Falls School system ""spent $100,000 on a time clock."""
" Democratic Reps. Cicilline, Boswell, Carnahan and Critz ""demanded that Congress vote to increase the nation’s debt limit without making any spending cuts."""
" ""A few months into office, (President Barack Obama) traveled around the globe to apologize for America."""
" The 2009 stimulus bill ""failed to get people back to work."""
" ""No one thought we could get a bipartisan bill (Medicaid) passed. We did in the Florida Senate."""
" ""We're going to be looking at $8 billion a day that we're going to be pouring into foreign countries in order to import that make-up fuel that we're going to need to take the place of what we could have gotten out of the gulf."""
" We are looking at ""150,000 barrels (of oil) per day less next year, and 200,000 barrels per day less being able to be developed from the gulf the year after"" because of the moratorium on new drilling enacted by the Obama administration."
" ""We are only inches away from ceasing to be a free market economy."""
" ""Gerry Connolly and his fellow Democrats went on a spending spree and now their credit card is maxed out."""
 The city’s 30 percent set aside for affordable housing in urban renewal areas is calculated citywide -- not district by district
" ""Look at the debt that has been accumulated in the last two years. It's more debt under this president than all those other presidents combined."""
" that PolitiFact Ohio confirms that Betty Sutton ""maxed out federal debt"""
" House Republicans required the use of Styrofoam cups in House cafeterias that are ""part of Koch Industries."""
" The Medicare proposal by Rep. Paul Ryan, R-Wis., would ""allow insurance companies to deny you coverage and drop you for pre-existing conditions."" "
" ""Betty Sutton and her fellow Democrats went on a spending spree and now their credit card is maxed out."""
" ""In the late 1980s, the U.S. was nearly the lowest-taxed nation in the world, and a quarter century later we're nearly the highest."""
" ""Obesity kills 34 children per hour."""
" ""Most of your serial killers, most of your people who commit domestic violence, they start off by abusing animals."""
"Members of Congress ""receive full pay retirement after serving one term."" "
" Under Gov. Bob McDonnell, more jobs have been lost than created in Southside and Southwest Virginia. "
"Rick Perry is ""the guy that tracked"" down Democratic legislators who fled Texas in 2003. "
" One of every two Wisconsin residents are ""on some kind of government handout."""
" ""The (health reform) legislation which Washington passed last year has made it more difficult to hire"" because it’s increased costs for employers."
" The Paul Ryan budget proposal would leave the country ""without Medicare."""
" In the U.S. Constitution, ""there’s a little section in there that talks about life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness."""
 his barehanded catch posted on YouTube is real.
"Gov. Rick Perry has been ""begging"" for the federal government to send the Coast Guard to patrol two lakes on the U.S.-Mexico border. "
"The Providence teacher contract ""is one of the longest in the country."" "
" ""Early voting remains at 96 hours."""
" ""Unions don’t have to comply with Obamacare."""
" ""The new light bulbs will cost roughly six times the cost of the light bulbs we now use."""
" Deregulation of the state’s telecommunications industry will create 50,000 jobs in Wisconsin."
" The U.S. has ""over $62 trillion in unfunded liabilities."""
" Next year, ""you will be mandated by federal law to get rid of your existing light bulbs."""
" ""The Democrats have already voted to ban our conventional light bulbs ... in favor of dangerous fluorescent light bulbs."""
" ""The health care price tag for childhood obesity in Georgia is $2.4 billion annually and rising."""
"Promotes a chart saying that Barack Obama has ""increased the debt"" by 16 percent, compared to George W. Bush, who increased it by 115 percent. "
" ""Wisconsin is one of the few states in the country that do not currently require a photographic identification"" to vote."
" ""The $1.8 billion in [transportation] bonding, we don’t have a repayment mechanism."""
 there are more federal dollars in Gov. John Kasich's budget plan than in the previous state budget.
" ""In the first year of the Obama administration, more jobs were created in the private sector than in the eight years of the Bush administration."""
" ""Very, very, very few people get a pat-down"" when they go through airport security."
"""The (border) fence is now basically complete."" "
"The Massachusetts health care plan is ""wildly unpopular"" among state residents. "
Gov. Rick Scott's approval ratings are up. 
" ""There are not, nor have there ever been, any boycotts encouraged by our organizations."""
" ""Most military experts say there is anywhere between 25 and 30 members of al Qaeda in Afghanistan."""
" judges are using Shariah law in Dearborn, Mich."
" If the Sellwood Bridge is not replaced, it will have to be shut down within eight years."
" President Obama’s health care law ""represents a government takeover of health care."""
" George Allen ""had 40,000 earmarks"" while he was a senator."
 Increasing the bottle deposit to 10 cents on a case of water bottles could literally double the price of that product in the store.
" About two-thirds of Medicaid beneficiaries are children, but they account for one-third of the program’s cost, while one-third are elderly, and they account for two-thirds of the cost."
" Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker ""literally invented a $3.6 billion deficit."""
" ""For four years, we balanced the budget and paid off $405 billion in debt."""
" During his time as House speaker, ""unemployment came down from 5.6 percent to under 4 (percent)."""
" Under President Barack Obama, the United States has ""doubled our exports."""
" The Bush tax cuts ""created about 8 million jobs over the first 10 years that they were in existence. We've lost about 5 million of those jobs during this recession."""
" ""The people of Rhode Island don't want same-sex marriage."" "
" ""The only people in this town that have voted to cut Medicare spending are the people who voted in favor of Obamacare. That’s a fact."""
" During the Eisenhower Administration, ""not a single soldier … died in combat."""
" President Barack Obama’s debt commission recommended converting Medicare ""to a system where Medicare participants are given a voucher to purchase insurance in the private market."""
" ""Two million federal workers negotiate zippo, zero. There is no collective bargaining for federal employees."""
" ""Gov. (Scott) Walker has yet to create a job, he gives away millions to his friends, and he raises taxes on working people."""
"""I'm well aware that medical marijuana is a recognized, medical, viable treatment for this sort of [pancreas] pain condition."" "
" Benzene has ""never been proven to be harmful."""
 The study that states that more than 70 percent of the traffic on the Sellwood Bridge is to/from Clackamas County has been thoroughly debunked by The Oregonian. 
" people in Africa ""literally walk two and three hundred miles"" in order to vote."
 one of Austin City Council Member Randi Shade’s biggest contributors is the lobbyist for the Formula 1 racetrack planned outside Austin.  
" ""A [bank] surveillance camera capturing a criminal’s face and other identifiable traits would certainly discourage robbery attempts and serve as a deterrent to robbers."""
" ""Polls show that Floridians don't want to repeal the Affordable Care Act."""
 he has exposed plans by Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker to push legislation that would allow the state to declare financial martial law and take over municipal governments.
" the Internal Revenue Service estimated it must hire ""16,500 agents at a cost of $10 billion to the taxpayer"" to enforce the federal health care overhaul."
" Drilling for oil on the Outer Continental Shelf and in parts of Alaska will  ""immediately reduce our dangerous dependence on foreign oil."""
" ""At Texas A&M University, only 49 out of 3,000 faculty members brought in enough money to pay for their salaries and overhead over the past five years."""
" that had E-Verify been in place in Florida when 9/11 terrorists lived here, ""we might have saved the lives of 3,000 Americans."" "
" ""State employees are actually going to get a pay raise."""
" ""in Canada, the number of CT scan machines per 1,000 people is like one-tenth of what we have here in this country. That's why people have to wait."""
" it probably costs more than $300,000 to run for a seat on the Pedernales Electric Cooperative board of directors."
" that while his plan would narrow the time for early voting, ""it still will be one of the most aggressive early voting time frames in America."""
" Republicans offered Wisconsin bar patrons ""free shots (of alcohol) to sign recall petitions against"" Democrats."
" ""We just fought a Republican budget that ends Medicare as we know it."""
" ""There are legitimate and widespread anomalies, and widespread questions about the conduct of (the Wisconsin Supreme Court) election, most visibly in Waukesha County, but also in counties around the state.""  "
" ""A $250 fine if you're caught with a plastic bag coming out of a store. Plastic bag police anyone?"" "
 stories about his birth certificate drowned out media coverage of the Republican and White House budget plans the week of April 11.
" President Obama was ""raised Muslim."""
" President Barack Obama ""took exactly none of his own deficit reduction commission’s ideas. Not one."""
" After the U.S.-led military alliance ejected Saddam Hussein’s forces from Kuwait in 1991, the Kuwaitis ""never paid us."""
 the hospital listed on Barack Obama’s just-publicized long-form birth certificate denies the president was born there.
" ""CNN did a poll recently where Obama and I are statistically tied."""
" ""many states"" are floundering under crushing deficit spending."
" ""The Georgia Lottery Corp. has only once in the past 16 years paid out the agreed upon 35 percent of proceeds to the account which funds the HOPE scholarship."""
" ""As far as standing committees, we have 10 fewer standing committees. So we’ve saved the state about a quarter-of-a-million dollars through the reduction of the standing committees."""
" In early voting in Miami-Dade County, ""there is a trickle of two or three people a day at a very high cost to keep those public libraries and polls open."""
" ""Mickey Mouse was registered to vote (in Florida)."""
" ""Every person on death row was a foster kid."""
 protesters at the Wisconsin state Capitol on the night the state Senate passed collective bargaining changes damaged the windshield of his car.
 salaries and benefits for Wisconsin state employee comprised 8.5 percent of the 2009-2011 state budget.
 China holds 26 percent of the U.S. debt.
" Wisconsin state Sen. Randy Hopper, R-Fond du Lac, has already been recalled."
" ""It is a fact that it costs more to run the schools in August."""
 Tim Kaine broke a campaign promise not to raise taxes.
" ""Almost 37 percent of the total income from Planned Parenthood is from abortions."""
" $38 billion in spending cuts in federal budget compromise is ""less than $1 billion in real cuts."""
" that in 41 states, government workers ""are better paid than the taxpayers who support them.""  "
" ""For every 33 pregnant women that walk into a Planned Parenthood clinic, 32 receive an abortion."""
"Under a proposal by Rep. Paul Ryan, people on Medicare will only have $15,000 from the federal government to spend on their health care. "
" ""Seniors will have to find $12,500 for health care because Republicans voted to end Medicare."""
"""Every time we've cut taxes, revenues have gone up, the economy has grown."" "
" ""Medicare passed with virtually no Republican support."""
" (Dennis) Richardson wants to make drastic cuts to services we depend on: schools, home care for seniors, even public safety -- all so Richardson can keep more than $440 million in unspent funds for his political priorities."""
 President Franklin Delano Roosevelt sent his advisers to study socialism with Soviet dictator Josef Stalin so the president could replicate it in the United States.
" the fluoride Austin is putting in its drinking water is ""toxic waste."""
" ""The top 1 percent of income-earners pay about 40 percent of all taxes into the federal government."""
" Human error, such as skipping a community in the Wisconsin Supreme Court race, ""is common in (the vote-tabulation) process."
" ""Full marriage equality [would provide same-sex couples] with about 1,700 rights."""
" ""43,000 people are going to be kicked out of nursing homes or denied nursing home entrance"" if the Texas House version of the state budget passes into law."
" ""A DWI costs $17,000."""
" ""Congressman Eric Cantor wants to eliminate Social Security."""
"A Republican proposal changes Medicare for those under age 55 so that they will  ""participate in the same kind of health plan that members of Congress do."" "
" ""Politicians and their corporate lobbyists are trying to take away my right to spend my paycheck how I want."""
" Austin’s Pease Elementary ""is a school that was created as part of the Texas Constitution."""
" unions ""take away"" hard-earned money of teachers, firefighters and police officers to play politics."
" the federal government borrows ""almost $60 billion per week."""
 Milwaukee lost the headquarters for MillerCoors because the area lacks good transit.
President Obama has spent over $2 million in legal fees defending lawsuits about his birth certificate. 
" A cap-and-trade bill would ""destroy over 50,000 jobs in Virginia."""
" ""In 2009, we cut state spending in real terms for the first time in 150 years."""
" Gov. Rick Scott lost Florida 331,247 jobs."
" There was ""some sort of informal commitment to build a (psychiatric) building in downtown Cleveland."""
" ""For every one ESD superintendent position, we can pay for three speech pathologists, or three special needs instructors, or three classroom teachers."""
" ""Libya supplies the oil for China. We get no oil from Libya."""
" ""We have a guy who is going to be speaker of the House in four years, and his name has been on the ballot one time."""
" The newly proposed House Republican budget ""abolishes Medicare within 10 years."""
" ﻿JoAnne Kloppenburg’s side had a ""3-to-1 money advantage"" in the Wisconsin Supreme Court campaign. "
" ""When I took office last year we faced historic budget deficits of $6 billion here in Virginia.  And we closed those deficits by cutting spending."""
" ""Fifty percent of our students who enter higher education need to take remedial courses because they are not prepared for college-level work."""
" Undocumented students who qualify for in-state Oregon tuition are ""actively working toward U.S. citizenship."""
" Abortion services are ""well over 90 percent of what Planned Parenthood does."" "
" ""A report in Navy Times said that 7.3 percent of Army, Navy and Marines have thought about attempting suicide."""
" Said Planned Parenthood’s early objective was to ""help kill black babies before they came into the world."""
"President Obama's ""grandmother in Kenya said he was born in Kenya and she was there and witnessed the birth."" "
" ""We’ve lost 26 million jobs … since (Obama’s) been president."""
" For the first time in U.S. history, a personal inaction will be deemed unlawful -- not purchasing a health-insurance plan"
" ""Some of the colleges, including A&M, have already guaranteed that they will not increase their tuition."""
 South Korea doesn't pay the United States for U.S. troops that protect their country.
" Wisconsin Supreme Court candidate JoAnne Kloppenburg ""put an 80-year-old farmer in jail for refusing to plant native vegetation on his farm."""
" Majority Leader Eric Cantor called for ""abolishing Social Security and Medicare."""
" the Southwest Florida Water Management District has $850 million in reserves, enough money in savings to run without levying taxes for more than two years."
" PolitiFact Wisconsin ""concluded that the charge that Justice Prosser prejudges matters that come before the court is True."""
 Supreme Court candidate JoAnne Kloppenburg’s record as a state Justice Department lawyer consists only of the prosecution of cases regarding regulation of docks.
" ""Originally, Democrats promised that if you liked your health care plan, you could keep it. One year later we know that you need a waiver to keep your plan."""
" ""A third of all the young people in America are not in America today because of abortion, because one in three pregnancies end in abortion."""
" ""Before this (federal health care) law was enacted, Florida parents ... were able to purchase inexpensive 'child-only' coverage for their children. The law’s 'consumer protections' have now eliminated that choice in Florida."""
" the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act adopted last year contains ""a series of slush funds, set up to stay on the books automatically, with little or no oversight.""  "
" ""Public sentiment in favor of collective bargaining and in favor of the unions has actually gone up as these governors, I think, have overreached and gone too far and tried to destroy the labor movement."""
" Georgia public sector employees do not have a say in the conditions of their employment, do not have bargaining rights or a say in their working conditions."
" ""One. That's the number of new drilling permits under the Obama administration since they came into office."""
"""American troops have never been under the formal control of another nation."" "
" ""We don't need a separate (prescription drug) database ... Pharmacies already have a database in place."""
" As a prosecutor, Wisconsin Supreme Court Justice David Prosser did not investigate or file charges in a case involving 30-year pedophile priest, then participated in cover-up."
" ""Oregon is the only state out of the 50 states in the USA that continues to pay 100% of the medical benefits for its employees and their families."""
" Wisconsin Supreme Court Justice David Prosser ""has prejudged matters that are likely to come before the court."""
" Woonsocket needs a garbage-burning power plant because ""residents are paying through the nose for electricity that’s fueled by foreign oil, at prices that are skyrocketing."""
"Ending federal funding for National Public Radio would jeopardize 9,000 jobs. "
" ""A U.S. Government Accountability Office report Planned Parenthood Federation of America cannot find some $1.3 billion given to it by the federal government from 2002 through 2008."""
" ""Withheld union dues fund half of Dem (Democratic) campaigns in Florida."""
" Wisconsin was embroiled in a ""constitutional crisis"" brought on by the Democratic senators fleeing the state for Illinois to block Gov. Scott Walker's budget-repair bill.  "
" The U.S. gives foreign aid to Cuba and Venezuela, even though those countries are our enemies. "
" ""Not even expensive bottled water, like Perrier and Evian, are of good enough quality to pump out of mines in Southwest Virginia, according to the EPA regulation."""
"""There is a growing body of evidence that radiation in excess of what the government are the minimum amounts you should be exposed to are actually good for you and reduce cases of cancer."" "
" taxpayer resources are being used ""to facilitate private political agendas"" through automatic payroll deduction of union dues.  "
" the state’s budget shortfall is ""not that much different"" than it was in 2003."
" Senate Democrats who left the state for weeks to delay a vote on union bargaining power exercised a ""Wisconsin filibuster"" provided by the state’s constitution."
" ""What we have now is the most generous, in my opinion, 'good time' bill in the entire United States."""
"""When I took office in 2003, we had very little reserves."" "
" The Texas Constitution ""still contains Jim Crow provisions about the poll tax and restrictions on women having the right to vote."""
 it has offered $12 million in savings through 2011 and $184 million in savings over the next 25 years in contract negotiations with the City of Milwaukee.
"the state’s rainy day fund is ""our insurance policy against a major natural disaster.""   "
 Say easing restrictions on selling alcohol on Sundays will result in more traffic crashes and fatalities.
" his bill, HB 97, would prevent the use of taxpayer dollars on abortions."
" A proposed revenue smart cap ""gives Floridians a voice, requiring a 60 percent vote by citizens in order to impose a new tax, fee, license, fine, charge or assessment."""
"Gov. Rick Perry ""used $3.2 billion in stimulus dollars for schools to plug other holes in his budget."" "
" Building and running the Atlanta Streetcar is projected to create 1,399 jobs."
" ""2008: Unions Spent $400 Million to Elect Obama."""
" In fighting collective bargaining changes, Democrats are trying to ""protect a system that pays unionized government workers 42 percent more than non-union workers."""
" A bill that would halt the EPA from regulating greenhouse gases would help ""stop rising gas prices."""
" ""We now work the longest hours of any people around the world."""
 Texans eat more catfish than residents of all other states combined.
" ""A new ruling by the EPA would force dairy farmers to comply with the Spill Prevention, Control and Countermeasure Program when dealing with spilt milk -- the same regulations oil and natural gas producers must follow."" "
" Charlotte Nash ""pretends to be a chicken farmer"" in order to get property tax exemptions."
 Texas school districts are the fifth largest employers in the world.  
" students who receive free or reduced lunch are ""performing just as well"" as students who do not."
" Tampa mayoral opponent Bob Buckhorn ""supported forcing police officers to keep their guns locked in the trunks of their cruisers."""
" it’s a ""statistical reality that most single moms are very poor, under-educated, can't get a job, and if it weren't for government assistance, their kids would be starving to death."""
" ""Any child born prematurely, according to the president, in his own words, can be killed."""
" ""Roughly 25% of RI has a criminal record"""
" Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker’s ""budget okays disposing of unclaimed pound dogs to university research facilities."""
" ""I have asked the Division of Emergency Management to report directly to me."""
 Florida Gov. Rick Scott’s cuts to education are the same as his proposed corporate income tax rate reduction.  
" ""Secretly, unbeknownst to members of Congress, over $105 billion was hidden in the Obamacare legislation."""
 Damage by protesters to the Wisconsin state Capitol will cost $7.5 million to repair.
 State employees will have to pay 100 percent of their pensions and health insurance after 2012.
" nobody in higher education believes Gov. Rick Perry’s proposal to ""serve up $10,000 college degrees"" is possible."
" ""union bosses"" bused protesters to a Central Florida education protest. "
" In slashing $1.7 billion from Social Security, ""Rep. Jim Renacci may end up forcing the entire agency to ... shut down for a month, causing seniors to not get their benefits on time, halting claims processing, and forcing new retirees and disabled workers into a backlog."""
" Sheldon Whitehouse said on Senate floor: ""Everybody in Rhode Island who disagrees with me about Obamacare is an Aryan, is a white supremacist."""
 A telecom bill could keep the State Corporation Commission from getting rate-of-return information from electric utilities.
" broken compact fluorescent light bulbs ""allegedly cause migraines and epilepsy attacks.""  "
" ""The average (public school) teacher in Wisconsin’s making $89,000 a year"" in salary and benefits."
" ""The health care numbers are going up."" "
" The high-speed rail project would create ""60,000-plus jobs for Floridians."""
" As part of efforts to rein in protesters, Republicans in Wisconsin have ""bolted windows inside the Capitol shut."""
Michelle Obama has 43 people on her staff; Nancy Reagan had just 3. 
" ""We've seen local union after local union rush to their school boards, their city councils, their technical school boards and rush through contracts in the past two weeks that had no contributions to the pension and no contribution to health care."""
" many local governments in Wisconsin already require employees to pay 20 percent, 30 percent or even 40 percent of their health insurance premiums."
" ""We’re broke. We don’t have any more money."""
" ""There are nearly 500,000 registered sex offenders across the country and at any one time about 100,000 are unaccounted for."""
 Barack Obama grew up in Kenya.
" Wendy’s founder ""Dave Thomas left the state literally on his deathbed to avoid the estate tax."""
" that in a hearing, Rep. Gabrielle Giffords suggested to Gen. David Petraeus that the Army ""put more emphasis on less environmentally damaging methods, like stabbing or clubbing enemy forces in order to minimize the carbon output."""
 Tri-Rail shows the potential problems with investing in high-speed rail.
" ""Unfortunately we have documented instances where people defecated in the (Statehouse) building."""
" The stimulus bill ""promised to keep unemployment under 8%."""
"""Some of our state's educational administrators joined the feds in seeking to mandate Arabic classes for Texas children."" "
" the Hawaii governor ""can’t find anything that (President Barack Obama) was born in Hawaii."""
" ""We don’t have bars on campus in Texas. It’s against the law... no alcohol allowed."""
" Claims Wisconsin Senate Majority Leader Scott Fitzgerald said: ""It is necessary to eliminate unions in order to balance future budgets."""
" Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker’s estimate of a $3.6 billion state budget deficit is ""manufactured"" and a ""bogus figure."""
" Tim Kaine wants to thwart ""right-to-work reform measures in Midwest battleground states."""
" ""President Obama came to Ohio 12 times to try to defeat me and guess what? He didn't win."""
" ""The things I said (during the prank call by a blogger posing as GOP contributor David Koch) are the things I’ve said publicly all along"" about the Wisconsin budget debate."
" If there’s a government shutdown, ""people don’t get their Social Security checks."""
" When it comes to protesters in Madison, ""almost all"" are now from outside of Wisconsin."
" The five states that outlaw collective bargaining for teachers all rank below 44th in the nation in test scores, while Wisconsin ranks 2nd."
"In Wisconsin, teachers make $89,000 in salary and benefits, compared to $48,000 for all other workers in the United States. "
" ""I campaigned on (the proposals in the budget repair bill for Wisconsin) all throughout the election. Anybody who they are shocked on this has been asleep for the past two years."""
" The president’s proposed budget ""will help reduce the deficit by $400 billion over the next decade to the lowest level since Dwight Eisenhower was president."""
" Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker in his budget repair bill ""is showing that no stone goes unturned as he asks everyone to tighten their belts."""
" Hitler ""abolished unions and that’s what"" Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker is ""doing today."""
" When it comes to urgency on passing a budget repair bill, ""there’s no rush on this thing"" because the fiscal year doesn’t end until June 30, 2011."
 families now pay out 40 percent of their income to taxes.
" The federal health care law is ""probably the biggest tax increase ever in the history of our country."""
" A 2005 gay pride vote ""had nothing to do with discrimination."""
" ""Our children do not spend any time in school learning about our own U.S. Constitution."""
" Road construction bids ""are coming in at the lowest in the modern era."" "
" under his budget-repair bill, ""collective bargaining is fully intact."""
" Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker’s move to limit collective bargaining rights has led to ""riots"" at the Capitol -- ""It's like Cairo has moved to Madison these days."""
"""Despite what you may have heard about Wisconsin’s finances, Wisconsin is on track to have a budget surplus this year."" "
" When it comes to taking cuts in tough budget times, Wisconsin ""state workers haven’t had to sacrifice."""
" The government will ""go out and buy my breast pump for my babies."""
 John Kitzhaber’s proposed budget for upcoming biennium represents 8 percent increase over last
 Welfare programs caused more long-term damage to Detroit than the atomic bomb caused to Hiroshima
" ""Within a few years, we will be spending more on interest payments than on national security."""
"Under changes being debated, state employees in Wisconsin ""who earn $30,000, $40,000, $50,000 a year might have 20 percent of their income just disappear overnight."" "
" Limiting labor negotiations to only wages is ""how it is for the most part in the private sector."""
" Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker ""has threatened to call out the National Guard if workers protest against"" changes to bargaining laws."
" ""Across the board, violent crime in jurisdictions that recognize the Right to Carry is lower than in areas that prevent it."""
" Travis County, home to Austin, is the most liberal county in the United States."
" A proposed immigration bill will ""bankrupt Georgia"" if passed."
" ""Over the last two years since President Obama has taken office, the federal government has added 200,000 new federal jobs."""
" ""Financed the largest parking expansion program without a rate increase."""
" Under the White House’s budget proposal, ""we will not be adding more to the national debt"" by the middle of the decade."
" ""The alternative"" to higher state worker pension and health care payments ""is to look at 1,500 layoffs of state employees or close to 200,000 children who would be bumped off Medicaid-related programs."""
"The Muslim Brotherhood has ""openly stated they want to declare war on Israel."" "
" ""The people that went to school with (Barack Obama), they never saw him, they don't know who he is."""
" The war in Iraq was a major factor in blowing ""the top off the price of oil."" "
" Milwaukee County elected officials drive around in luxury cars ""on your dime."" "
" ""Governor’s proposed budget raids K-12 school funds to grow DHS again."""
" Four state Assembly Democrats ""scored a death blow to northeast Wisconsin’s economy"" by killing hundreds of jobs at a potential Bass Pro Shops near Green Bay."
 A 5-cent charge on paper bags is a tax.
" ""The most significant driver of out-migration [from Rhode Island] is the estate tax."""
" ""Today there are more men and women out of work in America than there are people working in Canada."""
"Fox News ""said the New Black Panther Party decided the election for Barack Obama."" "
" ""If you shut down Amtrak's Northeast Corridor, it's estimated you'd have to add seven new lanes to I-95 to accommodate the increased traffic."""
" ""Overall we currently have $981 million, almost a billion dollars in active development projects right here in the City of Richmond."""
" his tax and fee cuts will save households ""$540 over two years."""
" When the Milwaukee County mental health facility is full, ""cops sit out there in their squad cars with a mentally ill patient""  and sometimes ""spend an entire shift out there doing that."""
" ""Massachusetts public schools teach kids as young as kindergartners about gay marriage."""
" Foreign Trade Zones allow U.S. ""land to be inhabited by Chinese communists -- communists straight from China! They are to set up little towns and live here."""
"""In Mexico, they don't have birth certificates... they don’t have registration cards for voters. They have one national ID."" "
 Property tax exemptions can be granted to small businesses that move into Milwaukee County.
" ""For [GM] to pay back everything it owes, it would have to sell its shares at $143 a share . . . where the highest value of a General Motors share ever was $43, $44, $46, whatever the dollars were . . ."""
" Twelve judges have thrown out legal challenges to the health care law because they rejected ""the notion that the health care law was unconstitutional."""
 he never said he would keep education funding the same.
" ""I didn't raise taxes once."""
" The city building code violations on my properties only involve exterior issues; ""within the households, it’s fine."""
" an EPA permit ""languished"" under Strickland but his new EPA director got it done in two days."
" ""The last Christians are about to leave"" Iraq."
" ""United States students are achieving at number 25 out of 29 developing countries when it comes to science and math."""
" ""Illegal aliens cost the state of Rhode Island $400 million a year."""
" getting ex-cons to successfully return to society is important ""so we are not always faced constantly with recidivism, which is a big problem in the penitentiary today – in the 70 to 80 percent range."""
 Congressman Robert Hurt has a plan to cut education by 40 percent.
" Federal Reserve policies have led to a 69 percent rise in corn prices, 44 percent rise in wheat prices and 15 percent spike in sugar prices over the last year."
" Nevada will be ""energy independent within the immediate future."""
" In the 1980s, ""The lowest income people had the biggest gains."""
" ""Despite claims that you can 'keep the health care plan you like,' the Obama Administration has predicted that as many as 7 out of 10 Americans with employer-provided health coverage could lose their current health plan."""
" ""In the past, President Obama has refused to meet with representatives from Cuban exile organizations."""
" ""The New START treaty was passed despite significant concerns among some people in the State and Defense Departments."""
 Wisconsin employers have repeatedly said in surveys that our anti-business litigation climate is one of the most important factors affecting their expansion decisions.
" there are ""a half a trillion dollars in cuts to Medicare that are going to go in place"" as a result of health care reform."
 gun ownership information could be recorded and collected by the federal government and insurance companies as part of the federal health care law.
" ""Gov. Scott Walker and the Republican-controlled state legislature have added over $140 million in new special interest spending"""
" In the past 20 years, Egypt has made ""great strides"" in political and democratic reform."
" ""Veterans can now download their electronic medical records with a click of the mouse."""
 government is a barrier to innovation and development.
 Regulations on developers have thwarted construction on county-owned land in Milwaukee’s downtown Park East corridor.
" In September, the Department of Business and Consumer Services enacted a sudden 39% workers' compensation premium assessment by rule with little notice to the public."
" ""The economy we preside over today is better than the one we inherited."""
" Mitchell International Airport is the ""the third busiest airport in the world and the number one busiest in the country."""
" Recommendations for a major tax overhaul for Georgia are an ""overall tax hike."""
" ""Six institutions in our country now control two thirds of the capital."""
" The health care law ""is accelerating our country toward bankruptcy."""
" he ""helped lead an outside audit that’ll save (Milwaukee County) taxpayers over $200 million."""
" The federal government ""now tells us which light bulbs to buy."""
" ""The White House promised us that all the spending would keep unemployment under 8 percent."""
" ""Republican (small business tax cut) bill spends $80 million for better Google searches, not job creation"""
" a ""Canadian provincial prime minister came to Ohio for his medical treatment because of the delay in Canadian health care which would have endangered his life."" "
 A national organization Georgia has one of America’s toughest ethics laws.
" the Defense Department shrink-wrapped $10.8 billion in American money, loaded it on 175 pallets and put it on a transport plane to Iraq where they passed out $100 bills and no one has any receipts."
" ""Despite the administration telling us (health care reform) was going to reduce health care costs, they now acknowledge it's going to dramatically increase health care costs."""
" a Portland school gives Muslim students ""their own school provided prayer room, prayer rugs,"" and lets them ""out of class five times a day to pray to Allah."""
" ""It is estimated that every $100 million spent on construction generates 3,000 new jobs."""
" the first word spoken from the moon was ""Houston."""
"""There was no panhandling when I left office."" "
 The health care law includes tort reform.
" The governor has made a ""commitment to billions of dollars in debt and new spending without any explanation of how he plans to pay that money back."" "
"The financial regulatory bill ""will kill jobs."" "
" ""I said no to higher taxes and fees."" "
 Gov. Scott Walker hired convicted Assembly Speaker Scott Jensen to oversee a raid on the state employee retirement system to help balance the state budget.
" ""Ben Franklin once quipped that only two things in life were certain: death and taxes. I think even he didn't envision that the tax man would visit on the day of your death."""
" The health care law is ""job killing."""
" 2010 was the ""worst year ever for America's doctors"" reimbursed by Medicare."
" ""92 percent"" of President Barack Obama's administration has ""never worked outside government."""
" ""We had a debate on whether ‘ObamaCare’ was the way to go to fix up health care and the American voters said no -- emphatically."""
" The nation's food supply is ""99.99 percent safe."""
" If the Stamp Farm wind turbine is built, the ""health risk of 'flicker' impact created by shadows of blades of turbines poses real and significant health risks, particularly seizures."""
" In Wisconsin, 98 percent of all small businesses will qualify for income-tax relief under my plan, freeing them to expand and create jobs."
" Under current U.S. immigration policy, ""literally one person with a green card"" can, in the extreme, bring in more than 270 of his relatives."
" ""[State Rep. Doug McKillip’s] donors deserve a refund."""
" ""The incoming Republican freshman class – well, it’s no ordinary group: nearly half of its roughly 80 members have never served in elective office before."""
" ""Martin Luther King Jr. was a Republican!"" "
 Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine is hypocritical for challenging the constitutionality of the new health care law.
" ""Recent studies have confirmed that any academic benefits of government funded preschool disappear by the fourth grade."""
" 15,000 IRS employees ""have to be added to administer ‘ObamaCare’ and look at the tax implications."""
"The White House ""branded"" the memorial service for the Tucson shootings with a ""Together We Thrive"" logo and slogan. "
" ""I have fought for our shared values without being an ideologue or a partisan"""
" the claims that Texas faces a $27 billion shortfall ""are flat-out false."""
" ""We had an amendment in the health care law that said the federal government is going to take over education.""  "
 Members of Congress and their families and staff are exempt from repaying student loans.
" The City of Milwaukee ""uses the building inspection area as a revenue base."""
" Wisconsin’s lawsuit rules are so anti-business that the state’s system is ""one of the most promiscuous"" in America."
 Portland spent nearly $1 million in federal stimulus money to install bike path signs where they already existed.
" In preparing a rules package for the 112th Congress, the GOP had no discussions with Democrats."
" ""You’ll find blacks in almost every regiment throughout the South who fought right alongside white Southerners,"" during the Civil War."
" he ""led the effort to build a new (University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee) engineering campus in Wauwatosa."""
" the state's Medicaid waiver proposal ""has languished in a file cabinet at the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services for more than two years."""
" ""The Democratic majority led the 111th Congress to spend more money in two years than the first 100 congresses before them combined."""
" ""Ohio has lost more population than every other state in the country except for two."""
" ""We can save $125 billion in simply not giving out money to Medicare recipients that don't exist for procedures that didn't happen."""
" ""I represent the fourth-poorest (congressional) district"" in the nation."
" ""The Greenest County in America."""
 Texas Railroad Commissioner Michael Williams has attended more than 150 tea party gatherings.  
 one out of three U.S. homeless men is a veteran.
" ""In the last five years, 28,000 people have been killed along the U.S.-Mexico border."""
" Portland Public Schools invites ""well-paid, well-fed school bureaucrats, administrators, teachers, other staff, non-needy students, affluent parents of students, and other adults, including on the other extreme the adult homeless, illegal aliens, fanatical Muslim terrorists, or drug addicted street people, to enjoy cheap breakfasts in taxpayer-paid school facilities amidst school children."""
" ""The Governor did not consult members of his own party before he released his [transportation] plan."""
" Texas Republican leaders ""have proposed laying off thousands of teachers."""
" ""We continue to see these isolated incidents of people trying to vote five, six times a day."""
" that ""all those who do not answer directly to the president, they've said (repealing Don't Ask, Don't Tell) is a terrible idea."""
 Unemployment and the housing and auto industry crises can be fixed by giving a million dollars to every worker over age 50 to retire.
 the University of Wisconsin football program is spending almost all of its Bowl Championship Series payout on a Rose Bowl junket for politically connected officials
" Those who fail to buy health insurance under ""Obamacare"" face the threat of jail time.  "
"Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood will ""force you to stop using your cell phone"" while driving. "
" Teachers ""are working their third consecutive year -- some longer than that -- without salary increases."""
" The Democrats' health care reform law is a ""government takeover of health care."""
" ""Since January 2008 the private sector has lost nearly 8 million jobs while local, state and federal governments added 590,000."""
" ""Already, the mayor of Green Bay is having ribbon-cutting after ribbon-cutting for economic development around the new VA center."""
" Sen. Jim Webb ""persists on negating"" Sen. Mark Warner’s votes "
"Lee Leffingwell has been mayor of Austin, Texas ""for about as long as Sarah Palin was governor of Alaska."" "
" The tax cut deal is giving ""$700 billion to millionaires and billionaires."""
" ""On the question on the DREAM Act, no -- no to granting lower tuition to illegals."""
" Governor-elect Scott Walker’s opposition to high-speed rail ""killed 13,000 Wisconsin jobs"""
" ""Toledo … is fourth in the nation behind much bigger cities — Miami, Las Vegas, Portland — in number of human trafficking arrests and rescues."""
" Beaverton ""enjoys the most diverse population (by percentage of population) among Oregon cities."""
" The Obama-GOP compromise ""raises taxes, it raises the death tax."""
" ""I have always been focused on reining in the deficit."""
" Joe Straus ""was co-author of a bill that would have allowed Planned Parenthood to control public school sex education."""
" State employees in Wisconsin earn ""about 8 percent less"" than if they worked in the private sector."
" federal health care overhaul will cost Texas state government ""upwards of $30 billion over the next 10 years."""
" You ""can't check out a library book without a photo ID.""  "
" ""Last year, ExxonMobil made $19 billion in profit. Guess what. They paid zero in taxes. They got a $156 million refund from the IRS."""
" Eliminating the state tax on health savings accounts will ""make it easier for small business owners to provide health insurance to their employees."""
" In the case of a catastrophic event, the Atlanta-area offices of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention will self-destruct."
" Sheldon Whitehouse and 18 other senators ""voted to censor the internet."""
" ""The cost-saving measures we put into place at Columbia/HCA drove down national health care inflation from 18% to 8% in seven years.""  "
" There are ""10 or 20 deaths a year from foodborne illness"" in the United States."
 Cities like Seattle have decided to ban food carts.
" When President Franklin D. Roosevelt started Social Security, ""it only affected widows and orphans,"" and when Medicare began, ""it was a small program."""
" Under the DREAM Act, after two years of higher education or military service ""you are eligible for citizenship. Once a citizen, this paves the way to bring the rest of (your) extended family to the United States."""
" ""In Florida, illegal immigration costs taxpayers nearly $4 billion (a year). This amounts to $700 for every household in Florida."""
"Dan Seals has been running for office ""since before there were, like, iPods."" "
" The DREAM Act the ""would give amnesty to over two million illegal aliens."""
" ""We are giving almost $2 billion of taxpayer money to the junk food and fast food industries every year to make the (childhood obesity) epidemic worse."""
 A National Football League lockout would cost Atlanta $160 million in lost jobs and revenue.
" ""In 2009, Jim Doyle and the Democrats rushed through a budget repair bill with billions in tax increases and held no public hearings."""
" Last year, Beaverton School District had the highest number of homeless students ever recorded in Oregon. "
" ""There’s talk in Congress now about basically confiscating your private 401(k) or IRA plan and rolling it into Social Security to strengthen Social Security."" "
 he got twice as much money from the sale of County Grounds land than Milwaukee County Executive Scott Walker was willing to accept.
" Grocery prices ""have risen significantly over the past year or so."" "
"""This town (Wilmington, Ohio) hasn’t taken any money from the government. They don’t want any money from the government."" "
" ""The American people spoke pretty loudly. They said stop all the looming tax hikes...."""
" ""Pls refer to Jan.1 tax changes appropriately: they're OBAMA TAX HIKES & they'll slam every American's savings, investments & job opportunity"""
" Sen. Sherrod Brown voted to keep ""an extreme, job-killing Internal Revenue Service paperwork mandate."""
 New food safety legislation will regulate backyard gardening.
" ""The Madison-Milwaukee (high-speed) train line is dead."""
" ""[Georgia] Republicans have mismanaged unemployment benefits."""
 Wisconsin’s projected state budget shortfall is now as low as $1.5 billion
" Red light camera installed to ""promote public safety."""
" The payday loan industry ""does not exist in a state like Minnesota."""
" ""Eighty percent of the oil we're discovering, we're discovering in the deep Gulf"" of Mexico."
 Letting the Bush tax cuts expire would raise taxes on small businesses.
 Rebuilding three high schools will benefit 40 percent of Portland Public School students. 
" you can buy four light bulbs for $1.99 at Walmart, while a single compact fluorescent lamp (CFL) costs ""$10 a pop."""
" Gov. Rick Perry's administration has proposed ending immunizations for 113,000 kids."
 The economic impact of Atlanta's 2000 Super Bowl was $292 million.
" ""Rhode Island is one of only six states"" to use E-Verify. "
" The Florida Supreme Court has ""no express authority in the Florida Constitution"" to remove questions from the ballot proposed by the Legislature.  "
" ""It’s gotten to a point where the average federal worker makes twice as much as the average private sector worker."""
" In his first meeting with University of Wisconsin System officials, Republican Governor elect Scott Walker told them to prepare for cuts."
" Small businesses that have ""$250,000 in gross sales for the business. They're the ones that are looking at massive tax increases."""
" Milwaukee’s problems include ""52 percent black male unemployment."""
" Said they reached a  ""power-sharing agreement"" with Republican Lt. Gov. Casey Cagle"
"The cap-and-trade bill before Congress ""prevents you from selling your home without the permission of the EPA administrator."" "
"A recent report from the president's deficit commission was ""completely empty"" on controlling health care costs. "
" Phoenix is the kidnapping capital ""of the Western Hemisphere."" "
" President Obama, Sen. Harry Reid and Rep. Nancy Pelosi passed a ""$1.2 trillion stimulus bill."""
" ""Rick Scott got a majority of the Hispanic vote in Florida."""
" If the state turns down money for high-speed rail, it will ""kill nearly 10,000 permanent Wisconsin jobs."""
" Governor-elect Scott Walker’s choice as transition team leader ""killed the release of a damaging report on Walker’s record in the days leading up to the election."" "
" ""Social Security is indeed a Ponzi scheme."""
" Experts say the property tax ""is the most harmful to economic growth and . . . the sales tax is least harmful."" "
" $65 million from ABC privatization will not pay for ""even an overpass in Tysons Corner."" "
 Portland Community College serves more students than all of the state’s universities combined.
" ""Mequon and Milwaukee have the highest disparity of income in the country."" "
 over 25 percent of the Texas budget funds services to non-U.S. citizens.
" ""Pres. Obama's finance team is recommending a . . . 1% tax on all transactions at any financial institution."""
" ""The average federal employee makes $120,000 a year. The average private employee makes $60,000 a year."""
 Half of children struck by cars near schools are hit by parents driving children to school. 
" ""We're the only system of federalism in the world."" "
" It’s hard to get people in Portland to vote yes on ballot measures, especially when there’s opposition. "
"""Anybody who is familiar with the historical data from the IRS knows that raising income tax rates will likely actually reduce federal revenues."" "
" The debt is ""nearly $6 trillion more than when President Obama was sworn into office."""
 About 1 in 10 public school teachers in Wisconsin would have been laid off without federal stimulus funds. 
" Washington's reach extends to ""even telling us what kind of light bulb we can use."""
" ""Discretionary spending went up 84 percent in the last two years"" "
" the federal government restricts ""how much salt we can put on our food."""
" ""If all of the [Bush-era] tax cuts expire on schedule, the budget will be close to being balanced in four years."" "
" When Obama took office ""the economy of the United States was actually shrinking for the first time in about 70 years."" "
" ""In fact, 85 percent of Oregonians voted in 2008."" "
" ""The president of the United States will be taking a trip over to India that is expected to cost the taxpayers $200 million a day."" "
" ""Congressman Nye voted against a bill which would have defunded the $5-10 billion"" the IRS needed to implement  health care legislation. "
" ""Congresswoman Kathy Castor voted to spend $2.6 million to teach prostitutes in China to drink responsibly."" "
 Russ Feingold voted to give Social Security benefits to illegal immigrants 
 he has a track record of not raising taxes.
Robert Hurt supported a bill that helped the uranium industry after taking contributions from the industry and because his father had a stake in it. 
" ""Paul Workman wants to raise the sales tax."""
 Nick Kahl made it harder for many families to cover basic health care expenses. 
"  ""Senator Robert Hurt voted for a bill that’s raised your electric rates seven times."" "
" Patrick Rose ""voted to explore a state income tax."""
" Democratic U.S. House candidate Julie Lassa pushed for a ""Canadian-style government takeover of health care."""
" State House incumbent Jill Chambers, R-Atlanta, ""personally profits from taxpayer money."" "
" ""Of the states that have a lieutenant governor, many are currently discussing the need for such an obsolete office."" "
" ""Dan Gelber: On the record against scholarships to help our needy children attend Jewish private schools.""   "
" ""North Dakota's economy is reeling."" "
" ""The Recovery Act saved 60,000 jobs among law enforcement officials, firefighters in the state of Florida, plus another 20,000 educators."" "
 Blames Mike McIntyre and Nancy Pelosi for the second straight year of no cost-of-living increases for Social Security beneficiaries. 
" Republican gubernatorial candidate Scott Walker ""increased his own pay by $50,000."" "
" ""Of those 850,000 (new Texas) jobs, most were public-sector jobs and minimum-wage jobs."""
" Vows to keep Georgia's race for governor ""civil"" and focused on the ""positive."" "
" Peter Kilmartin has ""only three years experience in his own law practice."" "
" ""Morgan Griffith fought for a plan that would have taken money away from our schools and given it to Northern Virginia schools instead.""  "
" ""Congressman Kasich wants to use our tax dollars to give secret bonuses to his corporate friends."" "
" state Senate candidate ""Monk Elmer voted to exceed the (school district property tax) spending caps."" "
" Republican candidates in key Wisconsin Assembly races ""side with those who want to privatize Social Security -- and risk our retirements on Wall Street."" "
" Republican candidates in Oregon are ""advocating violence"" against gays. "
"Tells David Cicilline, ""94 percent of the carbon emissions which you so want to get rid of are caused by nature."" "
" In the past two years, Democrats have ""spent more money than this country has spent in the last 200 years combined."" "
" ""As a state representative, David Cicilline argued against Megan's Law and voted against mandatory registration of sex offenders."" "
" ""I lost my health insurance and my doctor because of Obamacare."" "
" Rick Perry is ""taking money away from hurricane victims"" and diverting it to ""remodel the Governor's Mansion."""
" ""Unfortunately everyone needs to cut back in these tough economic times. That's why I voted to cut my own pay along with the pay of our state employees."" "
 Roy Barnes voted against a bill in the state Senate that would have made it easier to convict child abusers. 
" Rick Scott ""has said that he would do away with the Department of Community Affairs.""   "
" Ed Perlmutter voted for ""Viagra for rapists"" paid for with tax dollars. "
" ""Michael Bennet cast the deciding vote"" for the stimulus and the health care bill. "
" ""When President, then candidate, Obama was asked to disclose some of his donors because there was suspicion of their being the foreign source of money into his campaign, they refused to do it."" "
" ""In Congress Tom Barrett voted to allow abortions through the ninth month, just moments before the baby is born."" "
" Since Rep. John Boccieri’s election, ""Ohio has lost 600,000 jobs"" and his district’s ""unemployment has doubled."" "
" ""The Taliban has been there for years and years, I mean, hundreds of thousands of years."" "
" Robert Hurt ""supports the tax loopholes that send American jobs overseas."" "
" Glenn Nye voted ""in lock step with Nancy Pelosi"" 83 percent of the time. "
" Tom Perriello voted ""to give tax breaks to foreign companies creating jobs in China."" "
"  he ""voted no on the Wall Street bailouts."" "
" PolitiFact Amendment 4 ""will force counties and cities across Florida to raise taxes and fees."" "
" ""Matt Patten kicked off his dirty campaign with thousands in dirty cash from guess who? (Frank) Russo and (Jimmy) Dimora."" "
" Julie Parrish is ""one of Sarah Palin’s mama grizzlies."""
" Charlie Crist ""attacks me for positions he held, like, six months ago, (when) he was running in the Republican primary."" "
" ""Middle-class families throughout America (would) have to pay $6,000 per year"" to pay for tax cuts for the wealthy. "
" Gov. Jim Doyle and the DNR have not put hunters first and mismanaged the deer herd; as a result ""the deer population has dwindled."""
" he ""stood up to his own party by voting against the budget to stop runaway government spending."" "
" Rick Perry recently said he ""wanted another (Texas) business tax.""  "
 John Kitzhaber wants a sales tax so people without jobs pay taxes. 
" ""In Rhode Island, there were thousands of jobs that were created"" by the federal stimulus program "
" The new health care law will ""force seniors into Barack Obama's government-run health care program."" "
"""Fiorina's plan would mean slashing Social Security and Medicare."" "
 Bruce Starr was the only senator to vote for stronger ethics laws and greater accountability. 
 Alex Sink's plans for governor include $12.5 billion in new spending. 
"""Scientists have shown us (that) the greater possibilities, the real science movement, has been with adult stem cell research. It has not been with embryonic."" "
 Texas voters are being asked to act this November on a proposed constitutional amendment affecting property taxes.
 Bruce Starr broke the law by letting lobbyists wine and dine him in Maui. 
" Marco Rubio sold a home to a chiropractor who had been lobbying him on automobile insurance legislation and ""once he sold the home, for $380,000 cash, the speaker's position on the issue changed."" "
" Maryellen O’Shaughnessy ""accepted campaign cash from indicted politician Jimmy Dimora."" "
" ""We refused to balance the budget on the backs of our children."" "
 Tom Hughes supports paving over thousands of acres with over-development and sprawl. 
 the Annie's List political group supports third-trimester abortions on demand.
" Under the new health care law, ""the first person (a) patient has to go to is a bureaucrat. That is called a panel."" "
" ""Ted Strickland destroyed Ohio jobs when he busted the budget."" "
"""Mark Kirk: Lied about going to war. Opposed middle class tax cuts. And said unemployment’s not that big an issue."" "
" Russ Feingold supported a stimulus plan that allowed a company to create 3,000 jobs in China. "
" Said U.S. Rep. Jim Marshall, D-Macon, sent nearly $2 billion overseas to build wind turbines and create jobs, mostly in China "
" Kurt Schrader ""cast the deciding vote that failed to extend tax cuts for Oregon’s middle-class families and small businesses."" "
" Christopher Little has ""a history of working against environmental protection by defending the worst types of corporate polluters"" "
" Rick Scott ""doesn't have any ties to a lobbyist."" "
" ""I've also offered a plan that can help (fix Social Security) that's supported by Robert Reich, secretary of labor previously, in a previous administration."" "
" The new health care law crushes small businesses ""with billions in penalties."" "
" ""We haven't yet taken out a negative ad."" "
" ""Under Lt. Gov. Lee Fisher, Ohio is 44th in the country in terms of getting money actually into worker retraining."" "
" ""Pam Bondi told a group of lobbyists she’ll side with corporate special interests as attorney general."" "
" ""Scott Walker tried to pass a law to allow pharmacists to block women’s access to birth control."" "
 more Republicans than Democrats voted for the Wall Street bailouts. 
" Texas has so few gas-pump inspectors in the field, ""the HEBs of this state, the Brookshires of this state, they're calibrating their own gas pumps. The (Texas Department of Agriculture) just sends them the stickers and they calibrate them."""
" ""Tom Barrett supports a government takeover of our health care"" "
" Marco Rubio ""Solo Ingles"" (English only). "
" ""Amendment 4 will reduce Florida’s economic output by $34 billion annually."" "
" state Rep. Patrick Rose votes 90 percent with liberals, backed the state's largest tax increase, proposed nearly $15 billion in government spending and supported ""Obama-style government-run health care system for Texas."""
" Chris Coons has ""Marxist beliefs."" "
" Loranne ""Ausley's a financial train wreck for taxpayers -- pushing gas taxes, property taxes, taxes on seniors."" "
" ""Boyce gave (a lobbyist’s) wife a sensitive job in the treasurer’s office, a job Boyce admitted he only made available at their mosque."" "
" ""Joe Garcia raised utility rates on families."" "
" Steve Kagen ""promised us jobs, voting for the $787 billion stimulus. Cost: another 77,000 jobs lost."" "
" ""(Jeff) Atwater's busy helping his friends and wasting our tax dollars -- $48 million for a government building so lavish it's dubbed the 'Taj Mahal,' $100,000 for a golf musuem, and $110 million to build a private prison to help a big contributor."" "
" Delaware Democratic Senate candidate Chris Coons ""thought that a 911 call should be taxed."" "
" ""Sean Duffy was a no-show"" as Ashland County District Attorney while he was on the campaign trail "
 John Kitzhaber is the only pro-choice candidate in the race for governor.  
" Shows in a television ad that police took evidence from Solantic, Rick Scott's new health care company, after allegations emerged that the company was engaging in fraud. "
" ""When Washington liberals wanted to take away our guns, Chet said no."""
" ""Steve Southerland did not pay his taxes in '05, '06, '07, '08 or '09."" "
" In 2009, ""the state Legislature passed more than $5 billion in tax increases."" "
" Say Matt Wand cut Troutdale police, created a slush fund for himself. "
"""Scott Walker he would ban stem cell research""  "
" Debbie Jackow ""unlike her opponent ... WILL NOT de-fund the 20/20 land program."" "
" James Langevin voted to spend ""$3 billion for a jet engine no one wants."" "
" Republican opponent Jason Isaac is peddling a plan meaning Texans ""would pay the highest sales taxes in America, up to 14.5 percent."" "
" Harry Reid ""voted to use taxpayer dollars to pay for Viagra for convicted child molesters and sex offenders."" "
" Sen. Barbara Boxer ""voted against immigration reform to permit (Hispanic immigrants) people to come here legally to work."" "
" ""Russ Feingold cut Medicare by $523 billion."" "
 campaign contributions to her rival for a state House seat was money intended for schoolchildren.  
" that ""93 percent of the time John Boccieri voted with Nancy Pelosi."" "
" ""O’Shaughnessy even voted for her own personal stimulus package -- a taxpayer-funded pay raise for herself."" "
" ""It’s coming. Nobody can stop this train."" "
" Says Peter Kilmartin voted ""in favor of expanding the 'good behavior' statute to sex offenders.""  "
" Daniel Webster ""is an advocate for a group that teaches that mothers should not work outside the home."" "
" ""Tom Ganley supports a 23 percent national sales tax that would raise taxes on the middle class while giving a huge tax break to millionaires like himself."" "
" Arkansas Democratic congressional candidate Chad Causey ""was a Washington, D.C. bureaucrat."" "
" In most Muslim countries, ""We can't have a church. We're not able to build synagogues. It's forbidden."" "
 Sal Esquivel wants a 5 percent state sales tax on groceries. 
" ""Alex Sink funneled three quarters of a million dollars in no-bid contracts to Bank of America."" "
" Ron Klein ""sponsored an amendment that specifically allows price gouging."" "
" ""A majority of Wisconsinites opposed the government takeover of health care. But Russ Feingold voted for it anyway."" "
" ""More lives have been lost because of the war with the drug cartels in Juarez alone, just a few blocks from the United States of America, than have been lost in the war in Afghanistan."""
 Will Rasmussen supported a sales tax as recently as last spring. 
" ""Barbara Boxer voted to cut spending on Medicare benefits by $500 billion, cuts so costly to hospitals and nursing homes that they could stop taking Medicare altogether."" "
" The Chilean ""privatization scheme"" that Sharron Angle supports ""has resulted in hidden fees, fewer benefits, and millions of people with no coverage."" "
" ""Rick Scott's prison plan would cut Florida's prison budget in half, close prisons, and release tens of thousands of prisoners early -- murderers, rapists, sex offenders, armed robbers, drug dealers."" "
" Wisconsin Attorney General J.B. Van Hollen ""knew about (the Ken Kratz sexting) case for nearly a year and did nothing about it."" "
 The federal government can tell General Motors what to charge for its automobiles. 
" ""the headlines … tell the story"" of how Walker has ""mismanaged"" Milwaukee County "
" ""Perry pushed for a law that lets insurance companies raise homeowners’ rates without having to justify the increase."" "
" Jobs incentive program ""created over 1,200 high-wage jobs since 2009."" "
" ""Social Security is a Ponzi scheme."" "
" Kurt Schrader voted to cut $500 billion from Medicare, threatening ""thousands of Oregon seniors and their access to their current coverage."" "
" PolitiFact Texas ""Congressman Edwards' attacks on Bill Flores are false."" "
" As Milwaukee County executive, Scott Walker ""eliminated the waiting list for long-term care for older adults through the Family Care program."" "
 A bill to save teacher jobs is completely paid for by closing corporate tax loopholes. 
" Rick Perry thinks ""injecting 11- and 12-year-old girls with a controversial drug (the HPV vaccine), without a parent's consent, is a good idea."""
" Peter DeFazio ""will sneak in a 1 percent tax on all banking transactions."" "
" the Feingold garage ad ""is a fake: He’s not standing in front of his house."" "
" Rep. Paul Hodes, D-N.H., ""voted for the pork-filled stimulus bill -- $1.9 million to study ants in Africa, $39 million for office upgrades for politicians."" "
" Joe Sestak ""voted to gut Medicare ... reducing benefits for 854,489 seniors"" and jeopardizing ""access to care for millions."" "
" ""It takes as much energy to make a solar panel as it likely generates in its entire life."" "
" Independent groups behind ads attacking Democratic candidates are ""front groups for foreign-controlled companies."" "
 he took down the mob in Northeast Ohio 
 Daniel Webster thinks wives should submit to their husbands.
" ""The Wisconsin Legislature raised taxes more than $5 billion in 2009."" "
" ""Florida seniors are exempt"" from losing Medicare Advantage under the federal health care bill. "
" ""Over the past year ... our 16 counties have hemorrhaged more than 6,000 jobs with no apparent end in sight."" "
" Rand Paul thinks drug-dealing, theft, burglary and prostitution should be decriminalized. "
" ""Politician Reid Ribble wants to phase out Social Security, forcing Wisconsin seniors to fend for themselves."" "
" ""The size of our federal government has more than doubled since the year 2000."" "
" A defense bill ""includes language that would require military hospitals to provide abortions on demand."""
" A $300 million stimulus allocation to Wisconsin ""has led to the creation of tens of thousands of jobs in every corner of this state."" "
" ""Austin politicians want to cram more kids into classrooms so they don't have to make the tough decisions to balance the budget."" "
" Bill White ""didn't pay taxes while earning $133,600 annual salary as deputy secretary of energy."" "
" ""The downsizing of Pinellas County government resulted in about 1,200 people being laid off in a 12 percent unemployment market. … I can tell you that every one of them was hired from the time that Ms. Latvala went into office in 2000."" "
" ""One of the other inaccuracies ... is that we have raised taxes multiple times and run up the budget. Absolutely not true. One tax increase since I’ve been in office. It was a quarter mill tax in the unincorporated area only."" "
" ""If you look at the application for a security clearance, I have a clearance that even the president of the United States cannot obtain because of my background."" "
 State government spending will be increase 10.7 percent this year. 
" John Boehner ""admits 'we are not going to be any different than we’ve been' "" by returning to ""the same failed economic policies"" that ""wrecked our economy."" "
" A bill by Earl Blumenauer would ""mandate GPS tracking devices on all our vehicles."" "
" Ron Wyden spent $2 million ""to study exotic ants."" "
" Julie Parrish wants to add a sales tax to everything we need to buy including food, clothing, medicine and school supplies. "
" Marco Rubio tried to insert ""$1.5 million for a rowing institute"" into the state budget. "
" Candidate for governor Roy Barnes has been ""fighting hard"" to let illegal immigrants vote. "
" State pension fund staffers ""lost billions. Then Sink gave them bonuses."" "
" It's ""not true"" that since he's been the president, executions in Iran have increased by four times. "
" Washington politicians ""run Social Security like a Ponzi scheme."" "
" ""More people were killed in the United States last year by tainted food than U.S. troops killed in Iraq and Afghanistan since the wars began."" "
" Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani ""was never sentenced to stoning."" "
" The Bush administration had been ""giving (auto companies) billions of dollars and just asking nothing in return."" "
" ""Under Tom Barrett’s leadership, violent crime in Milwaukee has decreased by over 20% -- to its lowest levels in more than 20 years."" "
" ""Kasich’s trade deals cost Ohio thousands of jobs - 49,000 jobs to Mexico, 91,000 to China."" "
" ""Speaker Pelosi ... has been busy sticking the taxpayer with her $100,000 bar tab for alcohol on the military jets that she's flying."" "
" The new health care law ""will cut $500 billion from Medicare. That will hurt the quality of our care."" "
" Loranne Ausley ""voted six times to tax your savings."" "
" ""Ganley said that if elected, he wants to ‘cut the dickens’ out of Social Security, Medicare and Veterans’ benefits."" "
" ""I've been outspent by my opponents every time I've run for U.S. Senate."" "
" ""Barnes opposed the creation of the HOPE Scholarship and campaigned against Zell Miller on the issue."" "
"After Hurricane Katrina, ""Dallas and San Antonio took in 5,000 to 10,000 refugees each, but (Bill) White brought in 250,000 and put them up in his 'buddies' empty apartment buildings and let the federal government pay their rents for over two years. They did not return to New Orleans, most of them are on welfare."" "
" Rhode Island gives undocumented pregnant women health insurance, plus a cash card ""with $400 a month on it"" and ""$250 a month or $275 a month to spend on food."" "
" Ron Klein ""repeatedly voted in favor of amnesty for illegal immigrants.""   "
"""Do you know that we have pipes carrying natural gas in this country that are made of wood? I'm not joking."" "
" Harry Reid has voted ""to give special tax breaks to illegal aliens."" "
" Harry Reid has voted ""to give illegals Social Security benefits even for the time they were here illegally."" "
 About $4.89 billion in one-time money was used to balance the current state general revenue fund budget. 
" ""The stimulus has not created one private sector job."" "
" Tom Barrett ""voted for the largest tax increase in history ... raising taxes on gas and Social Security."" "
 he created more than 500 American jobs.
" Horse racing could boost Georgia's economy by $1 billion a year and create 10,000 to 20,000 jobs. "
" ""700 jobs (were) lost because Allen Boyd"" voted for the health care bill. "
" a ""Pro-Stimulus economist admits it is not working … "" "
" Allen West called Social Security a ""Ponzi scheme"" and said ""this country's got to get on sound footing by destroying it.""   "
" opponent Bill Flores helped run a company that laid off over 3,000 workers and paid off executives with millions. "
"""Over 10 years, (extending tax cuts for the wealthy) would add less to the deficit than Obama added with the stimulus in one year."" "
" DeWine ""took $1.9 million from big banks,"" ""supported legislation that helped Bernie Madoff make millions"" and ""protected predatory lenders while families lost their homes."" "
" Russ Feingold ""has not worked anywhere outside of politics."" "
" Texas U.S. Rep. Pete Sessions said the GOP's goal is to ""go back to the same exact policies that were in place before this president took office... policies that crashed the economy."" "
" John Boehner has called for ""repealing the rest of the stimulus, which would raise taxes on 110 million middle class people."" "
 John Boehner changed his position on extending Bush tax cuts. 
" ""We will be the first party to elect a bald guy to governor."" "
" ""Senator Jeff Plale saved my job"" -- and some 300 others at Bucyrus International. "
" Federal stimulus money went to a Georgia Tech project that will ""apparently involve the professor jamming with 'world-renowned musicians' to 'hopefully also create satisfying works of art.'""   "
" ""Walker he’s for lower taxes. But Milwaukee County spending has gone up by $349 million."" "
" Jim Dunnam ""has not lived in the district he represents for years now."" "
 Scott Walker supported the same transportation bill he’s attacking me for. He said at the time it would save the taxpayers money. 
" Like me, Scott Walker opposed the 1998 transportation bill and the $9 billion of wasteful spending. "
" ""I’m the only one who's fought against developers draining the Everglades!"" "
" ""Sean Duffy backed plan to privatize Social Security."" "
" ""It's factually correct to say"" that Jennifer Brunner inherited at least 18 lawsuits when she came into the office that were a result of Ken Blackwell’s ""mismanagement of the 2004 election."" "
"""When the mayor of Providence's brother wrote over 100 grand in bad checks to the city, Joe Fernandez didn't have the guts to prosecute him. He let him off the hook."" "
" I ""kicked crooked cops and government officials off the public pension rolls."" "
" The Richardson-Denish administration ""gave"" 50,000 driver's licenses to illegal immigrants in New Mexico. "
 Mark Neumann = Nancy Pelosi 
" ""Our law enforcement agencies have found bodies in the desert, either buried or just lying out there, that have been beheaded."" "
" John Boehner said the jobs of ""teachers and nurses and police officers and firefighters"" are ""'government jobs' that weren't worth saving."" "
" ""By the year 2015 (Medicaid will) take up half our budget."" "
 Lindsey Graham endorsed Charlie Crist for U.S. Senate. 
" ""Boccieri voted to spend a billion dollars an hour, every hour, for his first 50 days in office""   "
" ""Close to 30% of our federal prison population consists of  illegal immigrants."" "
" ""Our most important work has been creating and retaining almost 55,000 Ohio jobs."" "
" ""It costs us, logistically, three times more to fight in Afghanistan than it does in any other place."" "
" After Ronald Reagan cut taxes in 1981 the U.S. enjoyed ""exponential growth."" "
"""I asked (then-Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice) how many people had died and she did not know the answer to that question."" "
" Ron Johnson is ""willing to hand over the Great Lakes to the oil companies."" "
" ""Since being elected, (Tom Barrett) has dumped 8.2 billion gallons of raw sewage into Lake Michigan."" "
" Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett ""has held the line on property taxes."" "
 Rick Perry is a 25-year incumbent. 
" ""When Pepper’s tax was finally voted down, Pepper laid off cops and closed jails and let criminals run free in the streets."" "
" ""80 to 85 percent of my campaign funds go to donations to various organizations throughout the City of Providence."" "
" John Boozman supports ""privatizing Social Security"" "
" Dan Webster supports ""privatization of Social Security, deep cuts in Social Security."" "
" Alex Sink wants to ""cut Medicare."" "
" Charlie Crist's ""personal approval numbers are plummeting."" "
" ""Congress and President Obama have accumulated more debt since he took office than the total amount of debt accumulated during the first 200 years of the United States existence."" "
" ""The Obama Health and Human Services Department is planning to compile a federal health record on all U.S. citizens by 2014,"" including ""each individual’s Body Mass Index."" "
" The sales tax increase, if approved, will cost taxpayers ""up to $300 million per year, in perpetuity, to finance a rail system for the City of Tampa."" "
"""The government is trying to now close the Lincoln Memorial for any kind of large gatherings."" "
" Republicans ""don't think it's a good idea"" to make the child care tax credit ""stronger."" "
" ""Paul Broun Jr. sides with sexual deviants to support sale of 'crush videos.' "" "
 President Obama is a Muslim. 
" ""The seed of Muslim is passed through the father."" "
" ""Obama’s stimulus, passed in his first month in office, will cost more than the entire Iraq War."" "
" Rob Portman is ""the one who actually sucked the jobs out of the (Mahoning) Valley and sent them to China."" "
" ""One of the things we found very clearly and consistently is that [video gaming] is a growth industry."" "
" ""Joe Sestak ... even wants to bring back the death tax, letting the IRS take half of your savings when you die."" "
" ""Roy Barnes is part of the team that has run up trillions of dollars in debt that Americans will spend years paying off, and they've done it without creating one job."" "
" ""This is not a mosque. It's a cultural center that has a prayer area.""   "
" Under the new health care law, ""all real estate transactions will be subject to a 3.8% Sales Tax"" "
" ""Over 81 percent of the babies that are born at LBJ Hospital right here in Houston are born of women who are not here legally."" "
 Bill White is refusing to debate.
" Property taxes ""are now 18% higher than when (Mark Sharpe) first took office.""  "
" ""Reporters have uncovered another Scott company accused of criminal acts. But Scott won't come clean."" "
" ""Mr. Caprio is a career politician who has never worked in the private sector."" "
" ""Mark Sharpe has lowered property taxes by 17 percent."" "
" A New York imam wants to ""have a mosque at Ground Zero.''  "
" Bill McCollum ""backed Jim Greer's effort to hide financial irregularities."" "
" ""Some Republican leaders in Congress"" are ""pushing to make privatizing Social Security a key part of their legislative agenda if they win a majority in Congress this fall."" "
" Pam Bondi ""refuses to take a position on the gay-adoption ban."" "
" ""We didn’t have a development director for over seven months."" "
" ""Phoenix, Ariz., is the No. 2 kidnapping capital of the world.""    "
" ""We could cut unemployment in half simply by reclaiming the jobs taken by illegal workers."""
" Lincoln Chafee ""voted with President George W. Bush and the conservative leadership 76% of the time."" "
" Ken Mercer ""wants Sean Hannity and James Dobson included in social studies texts."" "
" Kathryn Starkey ""joined forces with liberal Democrats on a historic sales tax hike."" "
" A bill to aid state and local governments ""is fully paid-for by closing costly corporate tax loopholes."" "
"Cap and trade legislation that Zack Space supported ""would cost the average household approximately $1,761 per year in increased energy rates."" "
 McCain opposed the border fence. 
 I've shut down pill mills. 
" ""Bill McCollum voted for higher taxes and fees 42 times while he was in Congress."" "
" Despite the U.S. spending $10 billion on Iraq's electrical system, Baghdad still only gets five hours of electricity a day. "
" ""There's still about $400 billion or $500 billion of the stimulus plan that has not been spent. Why don't we stop it."" "
" ""[U]nlike every other major transit system in the nation, MARTA has never received any significant, dedicated funding from the state of Georgia."" "
" the United States is the only nation that affords citizenship to anyone born here, ""whether you are here legally or illegally."" "
" Bill White ""profiteered in the aftermath of Hurricane Rita."" "
" Allowing all Bush income tax cuts to expire on Dec. 31 ""will amount to the largest tax increase in the history of America."" "
" ""Over the time that President Obama has been in office, we have lost 2.5 million free enterprise system jobs, and, yet, 500,000 federal government jobs have been added."" "
 Democrats do not have a plan for extending the Bush tax cuts. 
"""Obama admits he is not a citizen."" "
" ""Canada sets aside 36 percent of their visas for people with skills they think their country needs.  We set aside 6 percent."" "
" ""In recent years, Rep. LaTourette has sponsored legislation that would increase spending by 551.6 percent."" "
" ""Democrats are poised now to cause this largest tax increase in U.S. history."" "
" ""Ninety-four percent of small businesses will face higher taxes under the Democrats' plan."" "
" Cicilline ""continues to accept hundreds of thousands of dollars in lobbyist, corporate PAC and insider money to fund his campaign."" "
" ""Kendrick Meek was named one of the two most corrupt Democrats in Congress by Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington."" "
" ""This is the first time since the Depression that unemployment has stayed above 9 percent for two consecutive years."" "
"A bill to cap carbon emissions ""could cost Ohio 100,000 jobs."" "
" ""As President George W. Bush’s trade representative, Portman failed to address China’s currency manipulation, which was inflated to as much as 40 percent in 2006."" "
" ""We have my opponent Sam Olens to thank for [the Arizona immigration ruling] since he was on the team that got Clinton elected."" "
" ""There's nothing in the voting instructions that we've been getting in the last several elections that lets you know"" about the limitations of the master lever.   "
" When Atlanta Police Chief George Turner was interim head of the department, overall crime fell 14 percent and violent crime dropped 22.7 percent. "
" ""Only a few months ago the FBI arrested three Broward County Commissioners for accepting millions of dollars in trade for illegal favors."" "
" When Obama went to Pakistan in 1981, he could not have been traveling as a U.S. citizen. "
 A transcript released by Occidental College proves that Barack Obama was an Indonesian citizen. 
 Justice Antonin Scalia agreed for the Supreme Court to hear a case about whether Barack Obama is eligible to be President. 
" ""Warren Buffett called (Jeff) Greene's scheme 'financial weapons of mass destruction.' "" "
" ""Nobody’s invited us"" to the Obama events in Atlanta."
" ""There's no negative advertising in my campaign at all."" "
" ""I don't think the argument can be credibly made that the United States of America is undertaxed compared to our competitors."" "
" Claims that Rep. Sanford Bishop votes similar to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi are ""inaccurate."" "
" Dave Aronberg's career legal experience is ""less than two years as Asst. AG/private attorney."" "
"""25 percent of our economy is the financial sector."" "
" Rob Portman’s ""plan to tax, slash and privatize"" Social Security ""would devastate Ohioans."" "
" Republican candidate for governor Nathan Deal ""explicitly voted to fund abortions ..."" "
" Kendrick Meek was ""#1 in Florida in taking tobacco cash and then opposed a tax on cigars that would have helped pay for children's health care."" "
" ""I remember one of [Curt Schilling's] teammates said he painted his sock, the bloody sock."" "
" People in the top tax bracket, ""these so-called wealthy, most of them are small-business owners."" "
" Jim Marshall ""votes liberal in Washington ... and we aren't fooled."" "
" Karen Handel ""would have felt like it was OK to go in and abort"" Sarah Palin's son Trig, who has Down syndrome.  "
" that Lee Fisher once said, ""I never met a gun control bill I didn’t like."" "
" Georgia is ""the Saudi Arabia of pine trees."" "
"""Attorney General Eric Holder is involved in the dismissal of the criminal charges"" against the New Black Panther Party for voter intimidation   "
" ""Of all the illegals in America, more than half come through Arizona."" "
" ""The Department of Health and Human Services is providing $160 million to the state of Pennsylvania to set up a new high-risk insurance pool program that would cover any abortion legal in the state."" "
" ""In Ohio, we invested in our children, raising school funding by 5.5 percent in the last budget."" "
" ""Recent data showed Nevada ranks 50th in the money received from"" the stimulus bill. "
" GOP candidate for governor Nathan Deal ""is a former Clinton Democrat."" "
" Obama's dog has his ""own plane"" "
"""Should Democrats get their way, every income tax bracket will increase on Jan. 1, 2011. Every single one."" "
" ""We have more kids take the SAT than any other state in the nation. I mean a high percentage of our kids take the SAT."""
" ""Sixty percent of the Hispanics"" support the Arizona immigration law "
" ""Today, we have two Vietnams, side by side, North and South, exchanging and working."""
"Transporting drugs ""is the price of admission"" for people crossing the border illegally. "
" ""Rick Scott's company is partners with Playboy in a social networking website that has community pages specifically geared towards gay dating."" "
" Russ Feingold ""voted against the law that protected our lakes"" and ""was the only Great Lakes senator to vote no."" "
" ""We don't get a lot of calls from this White House… I have, frankly, never had a call from them."" "
" Some city of Atlanta employees ""have not had raises in eight years."" "
" ""There have been 30 published polls in this election cycle and Harry Reid's been trailing in every single one."""
" Bill McCollum ""diverted a state plane to his home 53 times. A state auditor called it: likely a misuse of state resources."" "
" The Obama administration will give Pennsylvania $160 million to pay for health insurance plans that cover ""any legal abortion."" "
" He has ""ushered in $3 billion in new investment.""  "
" Dan Gelber's employment by BP's law firm ""could disqualify him from representing Florida against BP as Attorney General."" "
" ""Ken Hodges badly botched this investigation and, as a result, justice wasn't done in this case."" "
" Democratic opponent is ""too Republican to stand up for us."" "
"that President Obama said if Congress passed the economic stimulus bill, ""we would have unemployment at 8 percent and no higher. And it went higher."" "
 Gov. Rick Perry is “by far and away the highest-paid state employee on an hourly basis.” 
Rhode Island voters are moving away from the Democratic party to  non-affiliation
"Blue Cross headquarters has ""a $30,000 granite table."""
Tarpon Springs takes its homeless to St. Petersburg.
" ""The top 1 percent pay over half of the entire revenue for this country."" "
"The U.S. ""only ranks 25th worldwide on defense spending as a percentage of GDP."""
"""Subsidies for oil and gas companies make up 88 percent of all federal subsidies. Just cutting the oil and gas subsidies out would save the U.S. government $45 billion every year."" "
" Rep. Ken Legler ""voted against installing fire sprinklers and emergency power generators in nursing homes."""
"""Alexi Giannoulias' top aide was a longtime BP lobbyist."" "
" ""As Washington debates cracking down on the big Wall Street banks, I’ve passed legislation that does so."" "
"""In Rick Perry's Texas,  the governor threatens to leave, to secede from the greatest country in  the"" world."
"""When you were casting your vote for Republicans, Brian Kemp was voting for Democrats."""
"Japan's ""interest on its own debt"" is ""25 percent of its national budget"" "
"Said he is the only Democratic candidate for state attorney general who  has ""represented the entire state of Georgia."""
"""I’m running against a  groundhog. He saw his shadow on the primary day, and  no one has seen him  since."""
"""Powerful Houston  Democrats Sylvia Garcia (Democrat county commissioner in Harris County)  and Elyse Lanie(r) (wife of the former liberal Democrat mayor Bob  Lanier) sponsored a Democrat fundraiser for Speaker (Joe) Straus with numerous  Democrat officials and high-ranking union officials."""
"his GOP challenger, Doug MacGinnitie, ""hadn’t voted in a Republican primary for almost 20 years until 2008."
 Michelle Obama ordered $400 worth of lobster and caviar at a New York hotel.
"The U.S. deficit  ""increases at $3 million per second."""
"""West has raised $2 million from those that would leave our beaches in ruins, end Social Security and Medicare, and give corporations free reign."""
"""In Florida alone, more than $3.5 billion a year is spent on health care and criminal justice for illegal immigrants."""
"""The majority of the people that are coming to Arizona and trespassing are now becoming drug mules."" "
Houston’s 18th  congressional district has been “gentrified” and is home to “more Anglos  than African Americans.”
"""We have that program where immigrants come here and they have to bring a million dollars in order to get a green card if they’re going to create jobs."""
"When he worked for AT&T, he ""was responsible for large parts in a $5 billion organization."""
"""In the case of General Motors, the (Bush) administration wrote a check without asking for any conditions of change."" "
"""If there were not derivatives, there would be no bank loans at all today."""
" ""Phoenix, Arizona, is the No. 2 kidnapping capital of the world."""
"""Fifty-three percent of teens  in Central Falls are getting pregnant."""
"Blue Cross’ new  $90-million Providence headquarters ""was outfitted with $25 million in  decor."""
"""Four years as a congressman, he [U.S. Rep. Hank Johnson] never talked  about MARTA."""
"""Langevin has been the  most reliable vote for Speaker Pelosi."""
"""Bill McCollum has accepted thousands from lobbyists for Planned Parenthood."""
"""When George Bush took office, President Clinton, a Democrat, and the Democratic Congress at the time had left an annual budget that was in surplus."""
"U.S. Rep. Jim Langevin  didn't want a border fence to block illegal immigration ""because he is  afraid that someone will get hurt trying to go around the fence."""
" ""Social Security, like I told you, is out of money. This year it is borrowing from the general treasury.""  "
"With his decision on whether to fire Gen. Stanley McChrystal, President Obama ""has to fix yet another problem he inherited from the Bush administration."" "
"Under President George W. Bush, ""the national debt went from $5 trillion to $12 trillion."""
"Bill McCollum ""served as a lobbyist whose clients enabled mortgages for illegal immigrants."""
"Jeff Greene ""is the king of the undercover Credit Default Swap that brought about the destruction of our economy that we have right now."""
"""For six years, I served our community as a conservative state legislator. In every one of those years, I helped balance the state's budget."""
"""We get 30 percent of our oil from the Gulf (of Mexico)."""
"""Rob Teilhet, Just another career politician."""
"""We have a director of homeland security who cannot use and will not use the term 'terrorist attack' but instead substitutes 'man-made disaster.' """
"Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp is a ""career politician."""
U.S. Rep.   Lloyd Doggett is “the most liberal man in the United States Congress.”
"""Without representation, (the IRS) can increase taxes."""
" ""Phoenix, Arizona, I'm told, is now the No. 2 kidnapping capital in the world, right behind Mexico City."""
"Thurbert Baker kept a teen in jail ""who didn't even commit a felony."""
"""Ninety-four percent of the bills that pass the Senate have no debate, no vote, no amendments, no reading of the bill, no online disclosure."""
"""The last major oil spill from a drilling accident in America happened over 40 years ago in 1969."""
"The White House has ""refused"" international help in dealing with the oil spill."
"Alex Sink was ""the first official who said that BP should pay $25 million for an ad campaign to promote Florida tourism."""
she was never a  member of the Georgia Log Cabin Republicans.
"Of hospitals in Rick Scott’s Columbia/HCA health care company, ""A top executive said they even turned away a poor man and left him to die outside their door."""
"The Obama administration ""has been constrained by the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, which basically gives the responsible party the lead role in trying to not only fix the problem, but contain the problem."""
Georgia could get money for schools by scraping “the gold off the gold dome” of the state Capitol.
"""Gov. Crist's veto also clears the way for taxpayer funding of abortion in Florida."""
Barack Obama appeared in the video for 'Whoomp! (There it is!)'
"""A major part"" of the climate change bill sponsored by Sens. John Kerry and Joe Lieberman ""was essentially written by BP."" "
" ""Georgia has a well-deserved reputation for setting the gold standard for food safety."" "
"Starting in 2011, ""you will be required to pay taxes"" on ""the value of whatever health insurance you are given by the company."""
"""In 20 years there will be enough Muslim voters in the U.S. to elect the president by themselves."""
Turkey is an Arab country. 
"Presidents Hoover, Truman and Eisenhower collectively ordered the deportation of at least 15 million illegal aliens."
"""Across the country, more than half of the U.S.  attorney seats remain without a prosecutor chosen by Obama."""
"an estimate that Texas will face an $18 billion budget gap is “a number that somebody just reached up in the air and grabbed."""
"Once the U.S. government signs a U.N. treaty on conventional arms, ""all U.S. citizens will be subject to those gun laws created by foreign governments."""
"""Every major study that has been done by a legitimate group ... shows that there are hundreds of thousands of jobs to be created if you pass our (cap-and-trade) legislation. And if you wind up pricing carbon."" "
"""My opponent in November of 2008 sent a missive to the White House, to President Obama-elect, and said, 'Here's how you need to sell cap-and-trade to the American people.' "" "
"Under the new health care law, the elderly will be denied care when they have ""passed the age limit for treatment."""
"""Handel endorsed gay adoption"" in 2003 when she was running for chairwoman of the Fulton County Commission."
"EPA regulation of greenhouse gases will endanger 575 Texas dairy facilities, 58 swine operations, 1,300 corn farms and 28,000 beef cattle operations."
"""I've traveled the country advocating for the FairTax ..."""
"""Barbara Boxer's worried about the weather"" instead of terrorism as the biggest threat to national security. "
"Mexican government officials ""hand out brochures showing individuals how they can avoid our Border Patrol, how they can get into our country."""
"Sen. Barbara Boxer ""passed only three bills in 18 years"" into law. "
Gov. Rick Perry is “spending Texans’  hard-earned money to live like Louie XIV.”
" he was ""a Marine during Vietnam."" "
"Louisiana gets ""not one single penny"" from Gulf Coast offshore oil revenues."
" ""In the history department at the University of Texas, out of 50 registered voters, only one is a Republican."""
"“In three days last week, (Gov. Rick) Perry  flew to five cities at taxpayers’ expense, holding press conferences,  delivering $2,325,000 in checks.”"
"""The fact that Rick Scott is running for governor as a 'reformer' would be funny if it wasn't so outrageous. This is a man who barely escaped imprisonment."""
"Steve Poizner ""increased his department's budget nearly 14 percent."""
"""Taxpayer-funded benefits to illegals"" in California are ""a skyrocketing cost under Obamacare."""
"""Minnick voted to let the government fund abortion under Obamacare."""
"U.S. Rep. Lamar Smith supported the $700 billion  Wall Street bailout in 2008, ""but now he is standing in the way of  reforms that would assure these bailouts would never happen again."""
"Elena Kagan ""violated the law of the United States at various points"" with her opposition to military recruiters."
"Elena Kagan is ""a New York City radical, Marxist lawyer through and through."" "
"""Louisiana Sen. Mary Landrieu received almost $1.8 million from BP over the last decade."" "
"Sen. Robert Bennett, R-Utah, cast votes for TARP, the stimulus, and an individual mandate for health care. "
"On Sandra Day O'Connor: ""I think one reason she was a good judge is she had no judicial experience"" before she joined the Supreme Court."
"""McCollum admitted he didn't think that the subprime mortgage crisis was a big deal, telling reporters he thought that the subprime collapse had been exaggerated by the media and investors and that 'it's not the end of the world.' """
"the EPA ""outsourced the scientific basis for  its greenhouse gas regulation to a scandal-plagued international  organization that cannot be considered objective or trustworthy."""
" Gov. Rick Perry failed ""to involve border sheriffs in developing plans to prevent violence in their communities."""
"Scott Maddox has run ""losing campaigns for 3 of Florida's 4 available cabinet positions."""
"Royalties for oil and other energy sources are the ""second-largest revenue source to the federal government after the IRS."""
"For the new state budget, ""Floridians have sent us $3 billion less of their funding."""
"""Up until two weeks ago, John McCain was a leading proponent of amnesty. Now with me challenging him, suddenly he has changed."""
"""This administration and this Congress have been systematically cutting funding to border security since the Democrats took control."" "
" in 2003 Texas cut ""$10 billion out of the entire budget, yet we put $1.8 billion more into public education. We put $800 million more into health and human services."""
"Late changes to the Arizona immigration law ""lay to rest questions over the possibility of racial profiling."""
"A letter from BP to the Minerals Management Service ""actually recommends  improvements and specific recommendations around safety regulations  should they choose to change them."""
"""Brazil got off oil in the last 30 years."" "
"Texas has been waiting for two years for the federal government to act on a proposal to allow the state to ""create insurance opportunities for those that are uninsured today."""
"Alaska's Prince William Sound ""is pristine now."" "
"""Klein did not hold a single town hall meeting (on health care) where the general public was invited to ask questions or present their views."""
"a Bureau of Labor Statistics report attributed a sharp increase in work-related fatalities to ""increasing numbers of employees and drivers could not read or understand warning signs in English."" "
"The more than $800,000 raised by the Alan Grayson campaign last quarter was ""#1 among all 435 members of the U.S. House of Representatives."" "
"Under the new Arizona immigration law, police can't stop someone to check their immigration status unless they think they see something illegal."
"""Currently we have some 40-45% of Americans who are not paying any taxes."""
"""We researched to find out if anybody on Fox News had ever said you're going to jail if you don't buy health insurance. Nobody's ever said it."" "
" ""Everyone in this country has access to health care."""
Links jailed lobbyist Jack Abramoff to Rep. C.W. Bill Young.
"The financial services bill will end ""too-big-to-fail."""
Gov. Rick Perry has never held a private-sector job.
"""Obama did not open new lands to offshore drilling – all of these areas were already open for drilling once Congress and President Bush lifted the moratorium in 2008. Instead, President Obama yesterday announced what areas he would CLOSE to offshore drilling."""
"""We actually have not required in this law that you carry health insurance."""
"""The vast majority of the money I got was from small donors all across the country.''"
"Crist campaign website ""has eliminated all references to our Republican Party."""
''I have received more contributions than any other candidate in the race – Republican or Democrat.''
"In 2004, ""20 percent of U.S. households were getting about 75 percent of their income from the federal government. ... Another 20 percent were receiving almost 40 percent."""
"The financial services regulatory bill ""will end taxpayer bailouts."""
"""The Health Care  and Education Reconciliation Act is the largest-ever investment in  higher education."""
"""We have constitutional amendment that that there's a ban on drilling right off Florida's coast."""
"New financial regulation ""actually guarantees future bailouts of Wall Street banks."""
"""Dubai is the only country with huge amounts of imported workers that's actually passed legislation to give these immigrant workers a better deal in the Middle East."""
"""We had a press conference here that interestingly no one  in the mainstream media covered."""
" the new health care law delivers a ""$13 billion tax increase on families with special needs."""
"""The bill reported out of committee sets up a $50 billion slush fund that, while intended for resolving failing firms, is available for virtually any purpose that the treasury secretary sees fit."""
"""When you look at the nearly 150 men and women   who have served us on the Texas Supreme Court, more than half of them   had zero prior judicial experience."""
"Republican state leaders are using ""Soviet-style""  budget management."
"When the United States ""first created the federal income tax, frankly, nobody below a million dollars a year paid anything."""
"""A filibuster has never really been successfully used against a Supreme Court justice."""
" ""Cell phone numbers go public this month."""
"Rubio's ""got more experience than Obama had."""
"""No one questioned that she (Judge Sotomayor) was out of the mainstream."""
he did not say Republicans would filibuster immigration reform.
"""Every citizen is entitled to the freedom of  speech, but no one should  have the right to use government funds or  institutions to portray acts  that are morally reprehensible to the vast  majority of Americans."""
“This race will be the Democrats’ top target this November.”
"Obama said troops ""whine about bearing the costs"" of going to war."
" ""Giving money to politicians has paid off for Paul Workman. Workman gave thousands to politicians and got millions in government construction projects."""
"""Early census returns are showing that conservatives have been measurably less likely than liberals to return their census forms."""
"""The path to ObamaCare becoming law all started with Charlie Crist supporting President Obama's $787 billion stimulus."""
"""Teachers will not be able to return to work after raising their children."""
"""I never considered myself a maverick."""
"""An audit of the last census found that over 370,000  people living in  Texas were not counted, and our state lost an  estimated $1 billion in  federal funds as a result."""
"""The number of uninsured people in Massachusetts is about the same as it was when the mandates were passed in 2006."""
"The Florida House is ""holding the FINAL public hearing"" of a controversial education bill in the middle of spring break...""when they hope (teachers) are not watching or listening."""
"""The average student will be spending $1,700 to $1,800 more during the life of their loan because of this surcharge."""
"Charlie Crist ""worked with Acorn"" to give felons voting rights."
"""The New England Journal of Medicine released a survey the week that President Obama signed Obamacare stating that over 30 percent of American physicians would leave the profession if the government took over health care."""
"""According to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, the IRS would need to hire over 16,000 people ... to audit the American people and impose the new taxes and mandates"" of the health care bill. "
"""The average cost for health insurance in Florida went from about $600 a month for an individual to about $150 a month."""
“The bill also provides full federal  funding for abortions…”
"Rubio's tax swap proposal ""would have been a massive tax increase."""
Did not vote for tax increases as a member of the West Miami City Commission. 
" ""The spillover violence (from Mexico) in Texas is real and it is escalating."""
"The federal health care plan ""costs Texas taxpayers $2.4 billion per year."""
"""Marco Rubio thinks that government shouldn't be in the health care business at all."""
"The health care reform bill ""is the largest tax increase in U.S. history."" "
"""Joe, I keep hearing you every morning talking about the biggest tax increase in history, but you don't mention it's also the biggest tax cut in history.''"
"""War for the soul of the TxDems: 57% of  Dem incumbents for Tx House LOST their primary."""
"Florida's legal challenge of the federal health care bill is ""bipartisan."""
" ""The Federal Reserve system has presided over about a 95... percent decline in the U.S. dollar."""
"The Democratic health care plan is a ""government takeover of nearly 20 percent of our economy."""
"""Kay Bailey Hutchison was elected state treasurer,  succeeding Ann Richards. Democrats then abolished the position ...  Hutchison later became a U.S. senator."""
"""The Massachusetts Supreme Court...defined marriage as simply, quote, the establishment of intimacy ... I guess that would mean if you really had affection for your horse, I guess you could marry your horse."""
"People ""can't go fishing anymore because of Obama."""
"My ""border security efforts have led to a 60 percent  decrease in border crime."""
"""A government panel that didn't include cancer specialists women shouldn't  receive mammograms until age 50...If government takes over health care,  recommendations like these could become the law for all kinds of diseases."""
"""The economy began its nose dive when Democrats took control of Congress in January 2007."""
"Several times, Obama ""has apologized for what he deems to be American arrogance, dismissiveness, and derision; for dictating solutions, for acting unilaterally ... ."" "
"""Bill White ... supports the ‘ObamaCare’ socialized medicine plan, as well as ‘Cap and Trade’ legislation that would kill thousands of Texas jobs."" "
“Bill White ...offered sanctuary to illegal immigrants.”
" ""Bill White spent his city billions of dollars into debt (and) saw crime rates soar while he backed gun control."""
 the Texas State Board of Education is considering eliminating references to Christmas and the Constitution in textbooks.
"The Obama administration ""spent more money on the Cash for Clunkers program than the space program."""
"""Obama has proposed a 1.4% pay increase for active duty military in 2011. This is THE LOWEST SINCE 1973 ... A LOWER PAY INCREASE THAN WELFARE RECIPIENTS!!!"""
"Charges on the Republican Party of Florida credit card were made with ""my money."" "
"In the Senate version of the health reform bill, ""Every enrollee in the Office of Personnel Management enrolled plan, every enrollee has to pay a minimum of $1 per month towards reproductive rights, which includes abortion."""
"The Senate version of the health care reform bill ""allows taxpayer money to pay directly for abortion in federal community health centers funded in the bill."" "
" ""Todd Staples recently tried to woo his supporters and right-wing base by suggesting the Agriculture Commission cut programs intended to feed the elderly and disabled, many of whom are veterans."""
"George W. Bush was ""the least popular president in modern history."" "
"""Florida's new fingerprint identification system is improving our rate of solving cold cases by 300 percent."""
"""Nobody has been talking about it (Medicaid fraud), focused on it, or paying attention to it."""
"""President Obama's bill won't bring down the costs (of health care) for average Americans -- or really for very few Americans, if any."""
"""Congressman McCollum voted to dismantle Social Security."""
"Cover Florida ""is available to any Floridian, offering basic coverage for about $150 a month, instead of the typical $600 a month."""
" she’s ""tried over 100 jury cases in Travis County courts."""
"""We worked together to enact ... the largest tax cut in Florida history."""
"""He (Obama) has done several things well. Most of those things are places where  he changed his view from where he had during the campaign. So, for instance, he's  left our troops in Iraq and they're being more successful there. He boosted our  effort in Afghanistan, which is the right course to take. He did not close  Guantanamo, thank heavens."""
"In 2001, former Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan ""justified increasing spending and cutting taxes, saying that we didn't really need to pay down the debt."""
"""I left the city with $43 million in the bank."" "
" Challenger Tim Tuggey ""is a lobbyist who donated over $41,000 to Democrats who support abortion and same-sex marriage."""
"""I'm glad for the wording of it (an ethics report on corporate-sponsored Congressional trips) because clearly the wording exonerates me."""
"The Democratic health care plan is a ""government takeover of our health programs."""
"""Bill McCollum said tax cuts don't work."""
"""We were promised (the stimulus) would provide 'green jobs' for Americans, but 80% of the $2 billion they spent on alternative energy went to purchase wind turbines built in China!"""
" ""Holly Turner... still takes her homestead (property tax) exemption in Fort Worth."""
"""We have solved the problem. ... Scientists are now saying leave the nuclear waste where it is."""
" ""Mayor White has major stake in Barnett Shale production company."""
"“In this judicial race, special  interest groups have demanded  money from me, in exchange for  endorsement and support.”"
" ""The current (agriculture) commissioner allowed tainted beef to be sent to school cafeterias."""
"The stimulus bill ""didn’t create one new job."""
" ""My opponent... lost 43,000 jobs in Houston since he took over; we are losing jobs."""
" ""As Houston's mayor, I helped our area lead the nation in job growth."""
" state Sen. Steve Ogden was the ""driving force behind business income tax hurting small business, crafted the Robin Hood school finance scheme making property taxes skyrocket, wrote a budget that will result in a $14 billion deficit and voted against"" gun freedoms."
 the Texas Education Agency follows up to make sure undocumented immigrants paying in-state tuition at Texas colleges are applying for permanent residency.
" ""We have killed lots of innocent people in the state of Texas."""
" ""We have billions in surplus."""
The Bush administration prosecuted 190 suspected terrorists in federal courts.
" ""Taxpayers even footed the bill for Perry’s trip to a bachelor party in Las Vegas."""
"Franklin Roosevelt never allocated more than 12 percent of GDP to federal spending, while the percentage for Barack Obama is not projected to drop below 22.8 percent. "
"Vice President Joe Biden's meeting ""with the transparency and accountability board . . . was closed to the public."""
"""Barack Obama had 150 days in the U.S. Senate where he was able to vote quite often 'present.' """
 his executive order requiring young girls to be vaccinated against HPV wasn't mandatory.
"""The money supply has doubled in the last year."""
" ""For the hour after the (Jan. 14) debate, 'Debra Medina' was the No. 1 search on Google and for the remainder of that night No. 3."""
"""We're also cutting a Forest Service economic development program that strayed so far from any mission that it funded a music festival."""
" Bill White ""is discriminating. He's taking jobs from African Americans and giving them to his friends."""
"""Federal employees are making twice as much as their private counterparts."""
"""We cut property taxes by one-third."""
" ""Bill White has presided over the construction of what may be the world's largest abortion clinic."""
"""What were the old annual deficits under Republicans have now become the monthly deficits under Democrats."""
"The president's health care proposals will cause ""most Americans to have their premiums increased, not decreased, and hundreds of millions of people lose their current insurance coverage."" "
"""President Obama pledged to go through the budget 'line by line,' but on his watch, non-defense spending has spiraled out of control, increasing by 67 percent in the last year alone."""
"""Last week, the Supreme Court reversed a century of law that I believe will open the floodgates for special interests – including foreign corporations – to spend without limit in our elections."""
"""We've excluded lobbyists from policymaking jobs."""
" ""We have over 300 state agencies. Forty-five of those agencies are related to health care."""
"""Right now the Tea Party polls higher than the Republicans and the Democrats."" "
"""With a stroke of a pen, the (U.S. Supreme Court) decided to overrule the 100-year-old ban on corporate expenditures."""
"""As long as I have served . . . This is the first time  every single solitary decision has required 60 senators."""
"Members of Congress passed a pay raise for themselves of $10,000 over two years even as they voted not to raise Social Security benefits for 2010 and 2011."
"“The largest tax increase that we have ever had in our state is yours – it is the business margins tax that you signed, governor.”"
"The Democrats' health care bills would provide ""free health care for illegal immigrants."""
"The House health care bill provides for ""free abortion services, and probably forced participation in abortions by members of the medical profession."""
"There are ""high administrative costs"" when you donate to Haiti relief through the White House Web site. "
" Health care reform: ""Everything about it is going to raise costs, raise taxes and lower the quality of health care."""
"Chile ranks third internationally in economic freedom, while the U.S. ranks 17th. "
 Kay Bailey Hutchison voted for sanctuary cities.
 Land Commissioner Jerry Patterson threatened to shoot him.
" Rick Perry's ""Pay to Play"" politics led him to send $899 million to an offshore call center in Bermuda, driving down enrollment in children's health insurance"
" ""Sen. Hutchison abandoned Republicans and stood with Democrats to ensure health care legislation would pass quickly."""
"A recent Obama executive order could ""lead to a number of investigations by Interpol in the United States, potentially aimed at American officials."" "
"""A number of the national publications have put this race in a tossup race between Democrats and Republicans. They don't know who's going to win this race."""
" ""The attorney general requires that rape victims pay for the rape kit."""
" she has ""quadrupled agents to secure our border."""
approximately 70 percent of jobs created in the United States in November 2007-2008 were in Texas.
 Bill White is for gay marriage.
"""We had no domestic attacks under Bush."""
"""Americans admire Glenn Beck more than they admire the pope."" "
"President Obama ""doesn't ... want to admit we're at war."""
"""In Florida, Sen. Bill Nelson ... got a $25 billion to $30 billion carve-out for Medicare Advantage patients in their state."" "
"A Medicaid provision added to the Senate health care reform bill ""is not a special deal for Nebraska."""
"""I didn't campaign on a public option."""
"""In the health care bill, we're now offering insurance for dogs."" "
"""Today and every day, an estimated 14,000 Americans will lose their health insurance coverage."""
"The Climatic Research Unit e-mails show that the science behind climate change ""has been pretty well debunked."" "
"A recent drop in the unemployment rate is questionable because it was calculated ""over two days of the Thanksgiving week."" "
"""I'm predicting (the Saints) will go not only undefeated, but all the way through the Super Bowl -- something that's never been done before."""
"Labor union president Andy Stern is ""the most frequent visitor"" at the White House. "
"When Obama was interviewed by American reporters in Asia, ""Not one of them asked me about Asia. Not one of them asked me about the economy."""
"""In the past year, more than 20 percent of Americans have changed their mind about the war in Afghanistan. They conclude we shouldn't be there."""
"""We're going to have more troops (in Afghanistan) . . . than the Russians had."""
"Less than 10 percent of Obama's Cabinet appointees ""have any experience in the private sector."" "
"Under the Democratic health plan, families ""will be forced to spend an additional $2,100 a year to keep their current health care."" "
"""The Congressional Budget Office -- supposedly non-partisan -- estimates that in just a few years the average cost to every family of four (from cap and trade) will be $6,800 per year.""   "
"""Ninety-eight percent of the American people will not see their taxes go up"" due to the House health care bill. "
"""I have never voted for a tax increase."""
"A data-storing microchip ""would be implanted in the majority of people who opt to become covered by the public health care option."""
"""Although Democrats represent only 10 of Florida's 25 districts, their districts received 60 percent of the stimulus funds."""
"Under the cap-and-trade bill, homes would have to be retrofitted to meet energy and water efficiency standards before they could be sold."
"Senate health care legislation will ""levy a new 'abortion premium' fee on  Americans in the government-run plan."""
The Senate health care bill is longer than Tolstoy's 'War and Peace.'
52 jobs have been saved or created in Florida's 34th Congressional District.
"A small business receiving a federal tax credit ""to provide health care for its employees ... would be barred under the Stupak Amendment from allowing their employees to use ... the health care that they offer them for abortion."""
"In the House health care bill, ""Something like 2 percent of the people would [be] eligible even to get the public option."""
"""Ronald Reagan faced an even worse recession"" than the current one."
"""For the last decade the climate has been cooling."" "
"The McCain campaign ""did not elaborate"" on Obama's ties to ACORN."
"she couldn't take  stimulus money because it required ""universal building codes."""
"""The Stupak Amendment doesn't just say you can't use your federal insurance subsidy to pay for an abortion, it says, if you're getting a federal subsidy of any kind, you're not allowed to buy an insurance plan that covers abortion even with your own money."" "
"Under the House health care bill, the government ""will have to penalize citizens if we choose not to buy a plan that will cost a minimum of about $15,000 per family per year."""
"Maj. Nidal Hasan, the man accused of the Fort Hood shootings, ""was an ADVISOR to the Obama Administration."""
"Claims that Obama said, ""For those who oppose our policies, you should just shut up and go away."""
"""I signed the largest single tax cut in the history of Florida, a $25 billion tax cut over five years, directed at property tax cuts."""
"""Mitt Romney ... gave you government health care that is now bankrupting the state"" of Massachusetts. "
"An amendment to the House health reform bill ""puts new restrictions on women's access to abortion coverage in the private health insurance market even when they would pay premiums with their own money."""
Women pay 48 percent more for health insurance.
"The Republicans' alternative health care plan ""will still let insurers raise premiums four times faster than wages."""
"""I didn't endorse"" the federal stimulus bill."
"Health care reform ""establishes a new board of federal bureaucrats (the 'Health Benefits Advisory Committee') to dictate the health plans that all individuals must purchase."""
"Page 92 of the House health care bill ""specifically that people can't purchase private health insurance after a date certain.""  "
"Three presidents in the last century — Harding, Kennedy and Reagan — all cut taxes during recessions and produced ""rapid and dramatic economic recoveries,"" while two, Herbert Hoover and Barack Obama, did ""the opposite."""
There is majority support for the Democrats' health care plans.
You must list all your guns on your 2010 tax return.
"""One-third of the health care dollar goes to no such thing as health care; it goes to the insurance companies."""
"A president must ""obtain Congress' consent before formally accepting the Nobel Prize."""
"A new federal program provides subsidized ""Obama phones"" with 70 free minutes of cell phone service every month."
"""Forcing Americans off of their current health coverage and onto a government-run plan isn't the answer, but that's exactly what the Democrats' plan would do."""
"When White House communications director Anita Dunn said that Mao Tse-tung was ""one of her favorite philosophers, only Fox News picked that up."" "
"""President Bush never did one interview with the New York Times during his entire presidency."" "
"Barack Obama wrote a thesis at Columbia University in which he criticized ""plutocratic thugs"" and said the Constitution gave Americans ""the shackles of hypocrisy."""
"""Here in Florida, I’ve slashed government by 10 percent. That's $7 billion."""
"""Usually it's about $900 a month to get health coverage. (Florida's program has) reduced that, on average, to about $150 a month."""
"A ""massive"" federal computer network will make your medical records available to ""millions of people"" with a ""complete lack of privacy and confidentiality,"" while doctors and hospitals who don't take part face ""stiff penalties."""
"Health proposal would create a ""40% tax on health care benefits of middle-class workers."""
"If President Obama signs the Copenhagen climate change treaty, he ""will sign your freedom, your democracy, and your prosperity away forever — and neither you nor any subsequent government you may elect would have any power whatsoever to take it back again."""
"The Baucus health care bill ""could be used to ban guns in home self-defense."""
"""The Senate Finance Committee approved a reform proposal that has both Democratic and Republican support."""
"Forty-five percent of doctors ""say they'll quit"" if health care reform passes. "
"An Iowa policy ""provides for a state round up of Iowa citizens who might be exposed to the swine flu virus."""
"The Obama White House is renaming Christmas trees ""holiday trees."""
"""You don't know if this (the H1N1 vaccine) is gonna cause neurological damage like it did in the 1970s."" "
" ""Baseball and insurance are the only industries exempt from antitrust laws."" "
"Under the Hate Crimes bill, ""any pastor, preacher, priest, rabbi or imam who gives a sermon out of their moral traditions about sexual practices could be found guilty of a federal crime."""
"About 750,000 people die in China each year from auto emissions."
"During the Reagan administration, ""Millions of people were thrown out of work."""
"""Not only is there no scientific evidence that CO2 is a pollutant, higher CO2 concentrations actually help ecosystems support more plant and animal life."" "
"The cap-and-trade bill will mean ""2 million jobs lost."" "
"""There's no evidence anywhere that offshore drilling has hurt tourism in any area where it has been allowed."""
All the talk about socialism during the campaign made young people more interested in it by Election Day.
"""The majority actually want single-payer health care."""
"After Fahrenheit 9/11 came out, ""Bush's approval rating never was better, it only got worse."""
Gas will reach $4 a gallon under a cap-and-trade plan. 
Medicare officials have treated Humana and AARP inconsistently on how they can communicate with seniors.
"White House Political Director Patrick Gaspard once served as the ""right-hand man"" for Bertha Lewis, who heads up ACORN."
"""Health care mandate will require imprisonment and fines for Americans who can’t afford to purchase insurance or pay hefty government penalties."""
"""For the first time in history, the Democratic Congress will not allow an increase in the social security COLA (cost of living adjustment)."""
"  ""Obama raises taxes on seniors (and) hard-working families to give welfare to those who pay none.""  "
"""Recent census data shows that the average American family spends over $13,000 a year for health care coverage."""
"""Under the Baucus bill ... federal funds would subsidize coverage of elective abortions."""
"The Obama administration's cap-and-trade plan would create ""a $1,761 yearly energy tax."" "
"Health insurance companies deny ""1 out of 5 treatments prescribed by doctors."""
"Insurers delayed an Illinois man's treatment, ""and he died because of it."""
Health insurance companies pay CEOs $24 million a year
"""Every other democracy in the world has a health care system that covers everybody, and we don't."""
"The Obama administration ""was successful in rushing a massive spending bill through Congress in just two days — after which it sat on the president's desk for three days, while he was away on vacation."""
"Photo of ""tea party"" protests shows crowd sprawling from Capitol to Washington Monument"
"The Democratic health care bill in the House would ""create 53 new government bureaucracies."""
"A new bill ""was written into the new health care reform initiative ensuring that Congress will be 100 percent exempt."""
"Health reform will ""give every American the same opportunity"" to buy health insurance the way members of Congress do."
"""You lie!"" (in response to President Obama saying health reform would not insure illegal immigrants.)"
"""It’s a plan that incorporates ideas from many of the people in this room tonight – Democrats and Republicans."""
"Preventive care ""saves money."""
"""The Obama Administration's own White House Council of Economic Advisers has estimated 4.7 million Americans will lose their jobs if the (health care) bill passes."""
"Van Jones ""is an avowed, self-avowed radical revolutionary communist."" "
"The government is ""going to have the right to get into your bank account with the health care bill and make transfers without you knowing it."" "
"A scheduled speech by President Barack Obama will be ""the first time an American president has spoken directly to the nation's school children about persisting and succeeding in school."""
"""Cap-and-trade is wildly unpopular with Americans."" "
"""It took Obama six months to pick out a family dog,"" but he's ""cramming health care reform down the country's throat in a fraction of that time."""
"""Scientists project that the Arctic will be ice-free in the summer of 2013."" "
"Over the past few months, we've learned that ""we just can't count on the media to debunk"" lies about health insurance reform."
"Schoolchildren across the nation ""will be forced to watch the president justify his plans for government-run health care, banks, and automobile companies, increasing taxes on those who create jobs, and racking up more debt than any other president."""
"""All the really great programs in American history, Social Security, was done without Republicans. Medicare was done without Republican support until the last vote where they realized they had to get on board."""
"""Under the plan, for the first five years your employer not only has to keep the coverage, but you can't migrate to the public plan."""
"""It's costing every American who is insured $1,100 to pick up the cost of uncompensated care that goes on at the emergency room."" "
"""President Obama . . . wants to mandate circumcision."" "
"""Any government-run 'public' plan ... forces more employers to drop employee coverage due to rising costs and pay an additional 8% payroll tax for each worker."""
"Most of the stimulus money will be spent ""not this year, not next year, but in 2011."" "
"The Department of Veterans Affairs has ""a manual out there telling our veterans stuff like, 'Are you really of value to  your community?' You know, encouraging them to commit suicide."""
"""There's no rationing in any of these bills."""
"The health bill's plan for comparative effectiveness research ""would be used by the government to ration care."""
"""If we went back to the obesity rates that existed back in the 1980s, the Medicare system over several years could save as much as a trillion dollars."""
 Birthers have obtained a copy of Obama's Kenyan birth certificate. 
"""We spend twice as much per capita on health care as any other nation on Earth."""
76 percent of Americans want a public health care option.
"""I'm 59. In either Canada or Great Britain, if I broke my hip, I couldn’t get it replaced."" "
"A provision in the health care reform bill for end-of-life counseling for seniors is not ""entirely voluntary."""
"AARP is ""endorsing"" the health care reform bill."
"Ezekiel Emanuel, one of President Obama's key health care advisers, ""medical care should be reserved for the nondisabled. So watch out if you're disabled."""
"""I have not said that I was a single-payer supporter."""
" Seniors and the disabled ""will have to stand in front of Obama's 'death panel' so his bureaucrats can decide, based on a subjective judgment of their 'level of productivity in society,' whether they are worthy of health care."""
"The Democrat-backed health care reform plan ""will require (Americans) to subsidize abortion with their hard-earned tax dollars."""
"Page 992 of the health care bill will ""establish school-based 'health' clinics. Your children will be indoctrinated and your grandchildren may be aborted!"""
"During the 2005 fight over Social Security, ""there were noisy demonstrations — but they were outside the events,"" and opponents were ""not disruptive — crowds booed lines they didn’t like, but that was about it."" "
Health care reform legislation is “likely to mandate free ‘sex change’ surgeries.”
"The health care reform plan would set limits similar to the ""socialized"" system in Britain, where people are allowed to die if their treatment would cost more than $22,000."
"Stimulus tax cuts ""began showing up in paychecks of 4.8 million Indiana households about three months ago."""
"If you log into the government's Cash for Clunkers Web site (cars.gov) from your home computer, the government can ""seize all of your personal and private"" information, and track your computer activity.     "
"President Barack Obama suggested on national TV that the Democratic health care bill ""will have government decide"" that a healthy, 100-year-old woman in need of a pacemaker ""should take a pain pill"" instead."
"""The Congressional Budget Office most recently came out and analyzed the current (health care) plan and said that it was not only deficit-neutral, but also that over 10 years it would create a $6 billion surplus."""
"""All non-US citizens, illegal or not, will be provided with free health care services."""
"In the health care bill, ""The 'Health Choices Commissioner' will decide health benefits for you. You will have no choice. None."""
"John Holdren, director of the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy, ""has proposed forcing abortions and putting sterilants in the drinking water to control population."" "
"""The Senate voted this week to allow illegal aliens access to Social Security benefits."""
" White House spokesman Robert Gibbs ""lied"" when he said President Obama's birth certificate is posted on the Internet."
"The health care reform bill ""would make it mandatory — absolutely require — that every five years people in Medicare have a required counseling session that will tell them how to end their life sooner."""
"Health insurance companies are ""making record profits, right now."""
The health care reform bill -- on Page 16 -- outlaws private insurance.
Rep. Adam Putnam was silent when Rush Limbaugh called Sonia Sotomayor a racist.
"The Obama administration offered ""$900 million to Hamas, a recognized terrorist organization, to rebuild Gaza."""
"""Obama's Justice-designate Sotomayor threw out (the New Haven firefighters') lawsuit in a sneaky, unsigned opinion -- the judicial equivalent of 'talk to the hand.'"" "
"On the day the House voted on the climate change bill, ""there was not even a copy of the bill in the well of the House, which is standard. It wasn't even written."" "
"""We were promised. The president said we would keep unemployment under 8.5 percent (if the stimulus passed)."""
"""We import more oil today than ever before."""
"""In North Carolina, they used stimulus money to hire one new state worker. His job, apply for more stimulus funds from the taxpayers by the way of the federal government."""
"""In Wisconsin, the stimulus paid for a bridge to a bar called Rusty's Backwater Saloon. They've got great burgers, but no new jobs."""
"Mitch McConnell opposed ""legislation to create and protect Kentucky jobs . . . help for the unemployed. . .  health care for Kentucky's children,"" and ""fair pay for women."""
"""The ACLU has filed a suit to have all military cross-shaped headstones removed."""
" The Free Flow of Information Act of 2009 ""would guarantee Barack Obama will never be held accountable for producing forged birth documents."" "
"ACORN will be a paid partner with the Census Bureau and ""they will be in charge of going door-to-door and collecting data from the American public."""
" the Constitution only requires her to tell the census ""how many people are in our home."" "
"""Yes, this would be the same congressman (Rep. Pete Hoekstra) who last year Tweeted the whereabouts of a top-secret mission to Iraq."" "
"The war spending bill ""actually spends more money on the International Monetary Fund than on the war."""
"Under the ""Cash for Clunkers"" program, ""all we've got to do is ... go to a local junkyard, all you've got to do is tow it to your house. And you're going to get $4,500."""
"President Obama was wrong ""about Muslims' historical contributions to mankind, such as algebra (actually that was the ancient Babylonians), the compass (that was the Chinese), pens (the Chinese again) and medical discoveries."" "
"""Why do we have automatic citizenship upon birth? We're the only country in the world that has it."" "
"""A new poll shows 62 percent support the president's plan to reform health care. That means ... letting you choose between keeping the private insurance you have and a public health insurance plan."""
"Under a public health care option, 120 million Americans will ""lose what they now get from private companies and be forced onto the government-run rolls as businesses decide it is more cost-effective for them to drop coverage."" "
"Palin said stimulus money for weatherization required ""universal energy building codes for Alaska, kind of a one-size-fits-all building code that isn't going to work up there in Alaska."""
"Inside the stimulus package ""is anti-Christian legislation that will stop churches from using public schools for meeting on Sundays, as well as Boy Scouts and student Bible study groups."" "
"Vice President Joe Biden ""admits that the American people are being scammed"" with the economic stimulus package."
"he didn't call Dr. George Tiller a baby killer, as liberal groups charge, but was merely reporting what ""some prolifers branded him."" "
"""If you actually took the number of Muslims [sic] Americans, we'd be one of the largest Muslim countries in the world."""
"There are billions of barrels of oil beneath our oceans and in Alaska, and there is ample oil shale in the Rocky Mountain West, but Democrats ""say all this American energy is off limits."""
"In the 100 days since its passage, the economic stimulus has ""saved or created nearly 150,000 jobs."""
"Sotomayor ""ruled against the white firefighter — Ricci and other white firefighters — just on the basis that she thought women and minorities should be given a preference because of their skin color and because of the history of discrimination in the past. The law was totally disregarded."" "
"ACORN ""could get up to $8.5 billion more tax dollars despite being under investigation for voter registration fraud in a dozen states."""
"A public option for health care would end private insurance ""because the private insurance people will not be able to compete with a government option."""
"The Democrats propose ""a government-controlled health care plan that will deprive roughly 120 million Americans of their current health care coverage."" "
"The federal Hate Crimes Prevention Act bill would create ""special protection for pedophiles."""
"Democrats in Congress ""had control since  January of 2007. They haven't passed a law making waterboarding illegal. They  haven't gone into any of these things and changed law."""
"""We were not, I repeat, were not told that waterboarding or any of these other enhanced interrogation methods were used."""
"The economic stimulus bill created a council that's ""modeled after the national board that controls Britain’s health system."""
"Obama used $20 million in federal money ""to emmigrate (sic) Hamas Refugees to the USA."""
"""When one person sneezes, it goes all the way through the aircraft."""
"In the 1970s, ""the swine flu broke out . . . under another Democrat, President Jimmy Carter."""
"""Already we've identified $2 trillion in deficit reductions over the next decade."""
"It is ""the Department of Homeland Security's view that returning military veterans and gun owners are likely to commit terrorist acts."""
President Obama has never received a paycheck from a profitmaking business in his entire life. 
"""Some even advocate wiping out 401(k)s entirely and replacing them with government-run accounts."""
"""You can't read a speech by George Washington . . . without hearing him reference God, the Almighty."" "
"Gov. Sarah Palin ""got precisely zero support for her call for Alaska's Democratic Senator Mark Begich to resign because Ted Stevens' corruption conviction was overturned."" "
"""There are no similar clips of Newt Gingrich talking about how ineffective President Bush was in trying to control North Korea."" "
"Claims that former Sen. Tom Daschle said, ""Seniors should be more accepting of the conditions that come with age instead of treating them."""
"""There has been no net global warming for over a decade now."" "
"""Secretary Geithner has left the option on the table"" of abandoning the dollar for a multinational currency."
"""The administration raises revenue for nationalized health care through a series of new taxes, including a light switch tax that would cost every American household $3,128 a year."""
"""As a percentage of gross domestic product, we are reducing nondefense discretionary spending to its lowest level since the '60s, lower than it was under Reagan, lower than it was under Clinton, lower than it was under Bush, or both Bushes."""
"Under Obama's budget plan, families making over $250,000 are ""going to lose their mortgage deduction, their charitable deductions."""
"Obama nominee Dawn Johnsen ""called motherhood 'involuntary servitude.'"""
"""AIG insures the pension trust of the United States Congress!"""
"""In eighth grade math, we’ve fallen to ninth place."""
"""Look, the earmarks have come down significantly, 75 percent."""
"Republican leaders said ""no"" to ""tax cuts for 95% of working Americans."""
"""Under the Obama plan . . . all the health care in this country is eventually going to  be run by the government."" "
"""In just one month, the Democrats have spent more than President Bush spent in seven years on the war in Iraq, the war in Afghanistan and Hurricane Katrina combined."""
The omnibus bill has only $3.8 billion in earmarks.
"""The president's plan, even after the end of its withdrawal timeline is reached, will leave in place up to 50,000 U.S. troops."""
"former Clinton budget director Alice Rivlin said the stimulus bill ""won't actually stimulate the economy."""
"""The Congressional Budget Office has found that (the stimulus) bill will lead to a real 0.1 to 0.3 percent reduction in gross domestic product by 2019."""
"The stimulus has ""$30 million in there to protect mice in San Francisco."" "
"There is a provision in the economic stimulus plan that means that ""students cannot meet together in their dorms, if that dorm has been repaired with this federal money, and have a prayer group or a Bible study."""
"""The Obama Administration wants to have soldiers and officers pledge a loyalty  oath directly to the office of the President, and no longer to the Constitution."""
"""Nancy Pelosi wants a Windfall Tax on Retirement Income."""
"""You and I know that in the history of mankind and womankind, government — federal, state, local, or otherwise — has never created one job."""
"The Congressional Budget Office ""estimates that only 15 percent of this stimulus package will be spent in 2009"" and only 37 percent in 2010."
"""There are no earmarks"" in the stimulus bill."
"""The (economic stimulus) legislation could open billions of taxpayer dollars to left-wing groups like the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now (ACORN)."""
"""There is no disagreement that we need action by our government, a recovery plan that will help to jump-start the economy."""
"""For every dollar (in the stimulus package) that is spent to help small businesses, $4 is being spent to help upkeep the grass on the lawns of Washington."""
"The stimulus bill includes ""$300,000 for a sculpture garden in Miami."""
"Obama ""he'll raise taxes on electricity."""
"a Congressional Budget Office report on spending by House Democrats in the economic stimulus concluded it ""is just not stimulus. It won't help the economy grow."""
"Bush's tax cuts for high earners ""have been the biggest contributor to the budget deficit."""
"""Mr. Warren compared same-sex couples to incest."""
"The Rev. Rick Warren ""has called Christians who advance a social gospel Marxists.""  "
"""Even with recent changes, the average hourly wage at General Motors is still $75 an hour."""
"""The McCain campaign is roughly in the position where Vice President Gore was running against President Bush one week before the election of 2000."""
"""Senator McCain would pay for part of his (health care) plan by making drastic cuts in Medicare — $882-billion worth."""
" ""And 100 percent, John, of your ads . . . 100 percent of them have been negative.""  "
"Obama would ""experiment with socialism."""
"""For my energy plan, my economic plan, and the other proposals you'll hear tonight, I've offered spending cuts above and beyond their cost."""
"McCain is ""selectively editing Joe Biden's words...Biden actually said about Barack Obama: 'They're gonna find out this guy's got steel in his spine.'"""
"""Obama Iran is a 'tiny' country, 'doesn't pose a serious threat.'"""
"""Barack Obama has consistently voted against tougher penalties for criminals.""   "
"Obama wants to redesign the American flag ""to better offer our enemies hope and love."""
"""Barack Obama's plan gives a driver's license to any illegal who wants one."""
"""Barack Obama thinks terrorists just need a good talking to."""
"""Sen. Obama's campaign announced that he's choosing his  cabinet."""
"""If Barack Obama would apply for a job with the FBI or with the Secret Service, he would be disqualified because of his past associations with William Ayers."""
"In 1992, Barack Obama directed ""Project Vote - an arm of ACORN that also encouraged voter registration."""
"""The centerpiece of Senator McCain's education policy is to increase the voucher program in D.C. by 2,000 slots."""
"If you're a small business and don't ""adopt the health care plan that Senator Obama mandates, he's going to fine you."""
"Under John McCain's health care plan, people get a $5,000 tax credit to buy a $12,000 health care policy, and ""that's a loss for you."""
"""AIG executives ... (took) a junket for over $400,000. Twice."""
" ""The truth was revealed there in that report that showed there was no unlawful or unethical activity on my part."" "
"""(Bill) Ayers and Obama ran a radical education foundation together."""
Barack Obama opposed a bill that would have saved Gianna Jessen's life.
"John McCain accused Barack Obama ""of letting infants die."""
"Barack Obama's plan calls for ""mandates and fines for small businesses."""
"""1.3-million people in America make their living off eBay."""
"""Senator Obama has voted 94 times to either increase your taxes or against tax cuts."""
"""Oil companies ...currently have 68-million acres that they're not using."""
"John McCain's health care plan ""leaves you on your own to pay McCain’s health insurance tax."""
"""We're building a nearly $40-billion natural gas pipeline, which is North America's largest and most expensive infrastructure project ever."""
"""You had supported John McCain's military strategies pretty adamantly until this race."""
"Sen. McCain's tax plan provides ""virtually nothing to the middle class."""
"Barack Obama's health care plan is ""to mandate health care coverage and have a universal government-run program."""
"John McCain said ""he wouldn't even sit down with the government of Spain, a NATO ally that has troops in Afghanistan with us now."""
"""Obama, Biden and their liberal allies oppose clean coal."""
"McCain ""voted to let governments charge rape victims"" for forensic exams."
"Barack Obama ""pays for every dime"" of his spending plans."
"Obama ""has voted in the United States Senate to increase taxes on people who make as low as $42,000 a year."""
"""President Eisenhower, on the night before the Normandy invasion...[wrote a] letter of resignation to the United States Army for the failure of the landings at Normandy."""
"House Republicans ""weren't part of the negotiations"" on the Wall Street bailout plan."
"""Senator Obama has the most liberal voting record in the United States Senate."""
" ""I introduced a bill that would’ve helped stop the multimillion-dollar bonus packages that CEOs grab on their way out.. (McCain) opposed that idea."""
"""If an Iranian woman shows too much hair in public, she risks being beaten or killed."""
" McCain ""has opposed stem cell research."" "
" ""Barack Obama has the longest track record of any candidate in this election in support of the 'Bridge To Nowhere.' "" "
"""Obama's Ten Point Plan to 'Change' The Second Amendment….Ban the manufacture, sale and possession of handguns."""
"""Last week Senator Obama's running mate said, get this, 'Raising taxes is patriotic.' """
"""Obama's Ten Point Plan to 'Change' the Second Amendment…Ban use of firearms for home defense."""
"""But if my opponent had his way, the millions of Floridians who rely on it would've had their Social Security tied up in the stock market this week."""
Obama ad contends that John McCain endorses Rush Limbaugh's comments about immigration.
"""In January, I outlined a plan to help revive our faltering economy, which formed the basis for a bipartisan stimulus package that passed the Congress."""
"McCain ""voted to cut education funding, against accountability standards. He even proposed abolishing the Department of Education."""
"Holding up a BlackBerry, McCain campaign adviser says, ""you’re looking at the miracle John McCain helped create."""
"""I said two years ago that the Fannie and Freddie thing was a very serious problem and we had to work on it."""
McCain supports tax breaks for companies that ship jobs overseas.
"""I have never asked for a single earmark, pork barrel project for my state of Arizona."""
"""Through competition as governor, I got agreements to build a nearly $40-billion natural gas pipeline."""
"Education Week Obama 'hasn't made a significant mark on education,' is 'elusive' on accountability, and a 'staunch defender of the existing public school monopoly.'"
"Obama's one education accomplishment was ""legislation to teach 'comprehensive sex education' to kindergartners."""
"""The Books Sarah Palin tried to have banned."""
Obama called Sarah Palin a pig.
"Palin ""stopped the Bridge to Nowhere."""
"""For four days in Denver, the Democrats were afraid to use the words 'Islamic terrorism.'"""
"""My opponent promises to bring back old jobs by wishing away the global economy."""
"Sarah Palin ""got more votes running for mayor of Wasilla, Alaska, than Joe Biden got running for president of the United States."""
"Palin had ""executive experience"" in the PTA."
"Obama is the Senate's ""most liberal."""
"""(Palin) supported right-wing extremist Pat Buchanan for president in 2000."""
"""He was offered medical care for his injuries if he would give up military information in return. John McCain said, 'No.' "" "
"Obama voted ""to cut off funding for our American troops on the battlefield."""
"In the U.S. Senate, Barack Obama ""has not reached across party lines to get anything significant done."""
"Sarah Palin ""has more experience than Barack Obama."""
"When Sarah Palin was in government, Barack Obama was a community organizer."
"McCain ""said no to higher fuel-efficiency standards for cars."""
"""Barack Obama and Joe Biden oppose new drilling at home and oppose nuclear power."""
"McCain's energy plan is a ""single-answer proposition"" — new domestic oil drilling."
"McCain ""still thinks it's okay when women don't earn equal pay for equal work."""
"""Obama Iran is a 'tiny' country, 'doesn't pose a serious threat.'"""
"""John McCain wants to privatize Social Security."""
Obama wants to increase the size of government by 23 percent.
"""I argued for years that we need to move from a 'Musharraf policy' to a 'Pakistan policy.' """
"""The fact is that although we have had a president who is opposed to abortion over the last eight years, abortions have not gone down.''"
"Barack Obama ""openly supported (opposition leader) Raila Odinga during his visit to Africa in 2006."" "
"Barack Obama has ""pledged to reduce the size of the military."""
"Barack Obama ""rejects everyone white, including his mother and his grandparents."" "
"Oil companies ""haven't touched"" 68 million acres where they already have rights to drill."
"John McCain worries about nuclear waste in Arizona, but not in Nevada."
"Obama ""promises more taxes on small business, seniors, your life savings, your family."""
"Obama plans ""a tax increase for everyone earning more than $42,000 a year."""
"John McCain offers ""billions in tax breaks for oil and drug companies, but almost nothing for families like yours."""
"Barack Obama promises higher taxes on ""the sale of your home."""
"Fully inflating tires is ""a step that every expert would absolutely reduce our oil consumption by 3 to 4 percent."""
"""Obama voted to raise taxes on people making just $42,000."""
"John McCain refuses to support a new bipartisan energy bill ""because it would take away tax breaks from oil companies like Exxon Mobil."""
"Barack Obama wants to ""restore"" the estate tax that George W. Bush ""repealed."""
"John McCain will keep the estate tax at 0 percent, the same as it is now. "
"""Obama will charge a 28 percent tax on all home sales."""
"""John McCain intervened, which helped Airbus get that Pentagon contract."""
"""Sen. McCain would occupy Iraq indefinitely, against their wishes."" "
"Barack Obama ""is more to the left of the announced Socialist in the United States Senate."""
"""He made time to go to the gym, but canceled a visit with wounded troops. Seems the Pentagon wouldn't allow him to bring cameras."" "
"Obama ""shunned the opportunity to talk to soldiers to thank them for their service."""
"""I have little doubt that we've moved into recession at this point."""
Obama flip-flopped on withdrawing troops from Iraq.
"""Sen. McCain's economic plan gives nearly $4-billion in tax breaks to the oil companies but doesn't provide any tax relief to more than 100-million middle-class families."" "
"Obama ""voted against critical resources: no to individual body armor, no to helicopters, no to ammunition, no to aircraft."""
"Americans ""have never paid more for gas at the pump."""
"""Who can you thank for rising prices at the pump? O-ba-ma! O-ba-ma!"""
"""I have a perfect voting record from organizations like the Veterans of Foreign Wars, the American Legion and all the other veterans service organizations."""
"""There are many health insurance plans that will cover Viagra but won't cover birth-control medication."""
"Barack Obama wants to ""unilaterally disarm our nation."""
John McCain has given erratic and inconsistent answers on when troops should return from Iraq.
"The U.S. government spends less on energy innovation ""than the pet food industry invests in its own products."""
"Barack Obama has ""reversed"" on his commitment ""to begin withdrawing American troops from Iraq immediately."" "
"""McCain will give more tax breaks to big oil."""
"""If you have an investment for your child's education or own a mutual fund or a stock in a retirement plan, (Obama) is going to raise your taxes."""
"""Our National Guard, as we saw in the Midwest flooding, can't function as effectively as it could. I was talking to National Guard representatives. Fifteen of their 17 helicopters in this region were overseas during the flooding."""
"E-mail quotes Maureen Dowd column that Obama has received suspicious contributions from Saudi Arabia, Iran and China."
"""The Iranians continue – in the view of every objective observer – continue to pursue the acquisition of nuclear weapons."""
John McCain has changed position on invading Iraq. 
"McCain ""hasn't held executive responsibility."""
"""I didn't say"" it doesn't really matter whether Gore or Bush is president."
"Obama opposes innovation, the electric car and ""clean, safe, nuclear energy."" "
"""These steps (a middle-class tax cut, national health care plan, foreclosure prevention fund, Social Security fix and more) are all paid for."""
"""We must deal with the here and now and assure affordable fuel for America by increasing domestic production."""
Obama couldn't have afforded his home without Rezko's help.
"""Did Obama know that Tony Rezko was saving him $300,000 on the purchase of his home?"""
"""In just a few years in office, Sen. Obama has accumulated the most liberal voting record in the Senate."" "
"""I've supported every investigation (into Hurricane Katrina) and ways of finding out how – what caused the tragedy. I've met with people on the ground. I've met with the governor."" "
"Obama's plan to raise the capital gains tax ""hurts the middle class."""
"Sen. Obama wants to ""enact the single largest tax increase since the Second World War."""
"Obama said he would ""stand with the Muslims should the political winds shift in an ugly direction."""
"From Obama's book: ""I found a solace in nursing a pervasive sense of grievance and animosity against my mother's race."""
"""Fidel Castro endorses Obama."""
"""We are winning the popular vote."""
"""We have drawn down to presurge levels. Basra, Mosul and now Sadr City are quiet and it's long and it's tough and there will be setbacks."""
"""I think we came down here (to Florida) one time ... but we weren't actively fundraising here."""
"Obama's wife wrote a paper in college that said America was a nation founded on ""crime and hatred"" and that whites in America are ""ineradicably racist."""
"It doesn't make sense ""historically"" to drop out because the 1968 race was still competitive when ""Bobby Kennedy was assassinated in June in California."""
"John McCain, ""one of the richest people in a Senate filled with millionaires,"" the solution to the housing crisis is for people to get a ""second job"" and ""skip their vacations."""
"""Privatizing Social Security was a bad idea when George W. Bush proposed it. It's a bad idea today. Sen. McCain's campaign went even further ... suggesting ... to cut cost-of-living adjustments or to raise the retirement age."""
"Iran ""might not be a superpower, but the threat the government of Iran poses is anything but 'tiny,'"" as Obama says."
"John McCain ""is one of the few senators of either party who oppose this bill (to expand education aid for veterans) because he thinks it's too generous."""
"""The White House is won in the swing states, and I am winning the swing states."""
"""They (Clinton and Obama) have never to my knowledge been involved in legislation nor hearings nor engagement on this issue (climate change)."""
"""Clinton's former pastor convicted of child molestation."""
"Obama called Israel ""a constant sore"" that infects U.S. foreign policy. "
"""Clinton aides admit it (a gas tax holiday) won't do much for you – but would help her politically."""
"There are prototype cars that get between 100 and 150 miles per gallon and ""we could have those cars in your garages in a couple of years."""
"""If you are driving on average in America this summer, you'll save — according to Department of Energy figures — about $70."""
"""Obama ... gave almost a million dollars to the (Kenya) opposition campaign who just happened to be his cousin, Raila Odinga."" "
" ""His true name is Barak Hussein Muhammed Obama."" "
"Obama thinks the national anthem should be ""I'd Like to Teach the World to Sing."""
"Rev. Wright said ""that al-Qaida and the American flag were the same flags."""
"McCain the price of a gas tax ""holiday"" would be about the same as ""a Bridge to Nowhere (or) another pork barrel project."" "
"During the Monica Lewinsky scandal, the Clintons brought the Rev. Jeremiah Wright to the White House for ""spiritual counseling."""
"Obama flip-flopped on a gas-tax ""holiday."""
"Obama ""supports hate-crimes expansion ... potentially putting churches at risk if they preach the truth about homosexuality."""
"Denies that he said the Obama campaign ""played the race card."""
"Barack Obama's health care plan ""will cost taxpayers $1,700 more to cover each new person."""
"After Reagan took office, ""we didn't raise taxes and we didn't cut entitlements. What we did was we cut taxes."""
"""I have never said that I don't wear flag pins or refuse to wear flag pins."""
Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama want to raise taxes on all income brackets.
"Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama want to raise capital gains taxes, which apply to home sales. "
"If the U.S. stops adding to the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, it ""will lessen worldwide demand for oil"" and reduce prices. "
"""He's promising four more years of an administration that will push for the privatization of Social Security..."""
"""Among his (Obama's) pet projects is a bill ... which would commit the U.S. to spending 0.7 percent of gross national product on foreign aid."""
"Obama supports ""teaching schoolchildren — in 2nd grade, no less — about homosexual relationships."""
"Democrats' budget resolution would raise America's tax bill by ""$500-billion."""
"""Hillary (Clinton), one time late at night when she was exhausted, misstated and immediately apologized for it, what happened to her in Bosnia in 1995."""
"""My husband didn't wrap up the nomination until June."" "
"""I actually started criticizing the war in Iraq before (Obama) did."""
"As first lady, Clinton would travel to places that were ""too small, too poor or too dangerous"" for the president."
"Hillary Clinton's international travels included ""no serious diplomacy."" "
"Obama ""has no experience or background at all in national security affairs."""
" ""According to The Book of Revelations the anti-christ ... will be a man, in his 40s, of MUSLIM descent ... is it OBAMA??"" "
Barack Obama has written and co-sponsored more bills in three years than Hillary Clinton has in seven.
"""I remember landing under sniper fire."" "
"Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama want to raise taxes on dividends, a move that would crash the stock market. "
"Obama America is great, but let's ""try to change it."""
"The Jewish holiday Purim is ""their version of Halloween here."""
"It's ""common knowledge"" that al-Qaida is receiving training from Iran."
Both McCain and Bush favor tax breaks for oil companies. 
"""The board of a nonprofit organization on which Obama served as a paid director ... granted funding to a controversial Arab group."""
"""You don't even have to go outside Obama's campaign to find advisers who are anti-Israel."""
"Obama voted for ""tax subsidies and giveways"" that have slowed oil companies from pursuing clean energy sources."
"""I negotiated open borders to let fleeing refugees into safety from Kosovo."""
"""We are bogged down in a war that John McCain now suggests might go on for another 100 years."""
"John McCain has ""a consistent pattern of ducking important environmental votes."""
"Obama ""only wants your children to have health insurance."""
"Obama ""basically threatened to bomb Pakistan."""
"""Hillary Clinton believed NAFTA was a 'boon' to our economy."""
"""As has been noted by many observers, including Bill Clinton's former secretary of labor, my plan does more than anybody to reduce costs."" "
"""Barack Obama loves Che Guevara."""
"Obama ""suggested bombing Pakistan.""  "
"the difference between her and Barack Obama is ""about 35 years of experience."""
"""Hillary interned with Bob Treuhaft, the head of the California Communist Party."""
"""Hillary's main extracurricular activity in law school was helping the Black Panthers, on trial in Connecticut for torturing and killing a federal agent."""
"RNC version of a Hillary Clinton valentine: ""Roses are red, violets are blue, I'll raise your taxes and there is nothing you can do."""
"""Everything I have said (on the campaign trail) has been factually accurate."""
"Barack Obama said ""he's going to attack Pakistan and embrace (Iranian President Mahmoud) Ahmadinejad."""
"""She said, you know, 'I voted for it, but I hoped it wouldn't pass.' That was a quote on live TV."""
"""While others place their hands over their hearts, Obama turns his back to the flag and slouches."""
"In the Florida Republican primary, ""we got a very large percentage of the, quote, conservative vote."""
"Hillary Clinton ""agrees with (John McCain) in embracing the Bush-Cheney policy of not talking to leaders we don't like."""
"Mitt Romney wants ""to set a date for withdrawal"" from Iraq."
"Romney left Massachusetts ""with a $245-million debt because of the big government-mandated health care system."""
"""Every billion dollars we spend on highway construction results in 47,500 jobs. But the fact is the average American is sitting in traffic 38 hours a year."""
"""Gasoline would rise in price by approximately 50 cents a gallon"" if the McCain-Lieberman bill became law."
"""I was pretty proud of being the only guy on the stage that ever had a job in the private sector."""
he was the only Republican candidate at a prior debate who said lower-income workers were being hurt by the economy.
"""I won the majority of the Republican vote in both New Hampshire and South Carolina."""
"""When the Fair Tax becomes law, it will be like waving a magic wand releasing us from pain and unfairness."""
"Obama ""remains silent"" and ""is never asked how he feels about his church honoring Farrakhan."""
"""I was fighting against those (Republican) ideas when you were practicing law and representing your contributor, Rezko, in his slum landlord business in inner city Chicago."""
"""I know that Hillary on occasion has said — just last year said this (NAFTA) was a boon to the economy."""
"Obama said that ""since 1992, the Republicans have had all the good ideas..."""
"""He reformed welfare before others tried."""
"""I don't have lobbyists running my campaign."""
"McCain was a ""Hanoi Hilton songbird"" who collaborated with the enemy."
"""So that 2005 energy bill was a big step backwards on the path to clean, renewable energy.  That's why I voted against it."""
"""I have never asked for nor received a single earmark or pork barrel project for my state."""
"""I supported (the surge), I argued for it. I'm the only one on this stage that did."""
The church Barack Obama belongs to only admits black people.
"Barack Obama's middle name is Mohammed and he's a ""covert"" Muslim."
"""We haven't built a refinery, I think, in 30 years."""
"The Mormon religion has ""a plan that will see the Constitution thrown out and replaced by a theocracy."""
"""Barack Obama hasn't passed any (bills)."""
"""John doesn't have a record in the Senate. John's only passed four bills. They're all about post offices."" "
"Barack Obama ""wants the government to take over health care, spend hundreds of billions of dollars of new money for health insurance for everyone."""
"""I supported the surge when you didn't."""
"""I don't describe your plan as amnesty in my ad. I don't call it amnesty."""
"Biden was responsible for ""ending genocide in Bosnia."""
"""Gas prices have never been higher, and Exxon Mobil's profits have never been higher."""
"""I just talked about guns. I told you what my position was, and what I did as governor, the fact that I received the endorsement of the NRA."""
"""I saw my father march with Martin Luther King."""
"""McCain Trying to Have it Both Ways on Iraq"""
"""Sixty-five percent of the Iraqi people now say it's okay to shoot an American soldier."""
" ""Obama was enrolled in a Wahabi school in Jakarta. Wahabism is the RADICAL teaching that is followed by the Muslim terrorists who are now waging Jihad against the western world."" "
" When Obama was sworn into office, ""he DID NOT use the Holy Bible, but instead the Kuran (Their equivalency to our Bible, but very different beliefs)."" "
"""I can't sign money. That's illegal."""
"""Iranian mullahs took American hostages and they held the American hostages for 444 days. ...The one hour in which they released them was the one hour in which Ronald Reagan was taking the Oath of Office …"""
"""And, you know, our first president and our first commander in chief prayed every day. He had a field manual of prayers."""
"""The estate tax, which came into being by Republicans like Teddy Roosevelt and others ... is there for a real simple reason: In America, we've never liked the idea of massive inherited wealth."""
"""If we went back to the obesity rates that existed in 1980, that would save the Medicare system a trillion dollars."""
"""We reduced abortion. We increased adoptions by 135 percent."""
An anonymous e-mail that Hillary Clinton advocates communism. 
"""For every single illegal immigrant family in this country, it costs $20,000 — it costs us $20,000; $20,000 in infrastructural costs. They pay about $10,000 in taxes."""
"""I do provide universal health care."""
"""I spend a lot of time in Iowa, and believe it or not, in Ottumwa, Iowa, this is the heartland, the newspaper, the regular newspaper for Ottumwa, Iowa, is (a) bilingual newspaper."""
"Supported in-state tuition in Arkansas for illegal immigrants ""if you'd sat in our schools from the time you're 5 or 6 years old and you had become an A-plus student,"" among other things. "
"""No, I did not (have illegal immigrants working at his mansion)."""
"""Gov. Romney's own health care plan in Massachusetts ... requires by law that a representative from Planned Parenthood sit on the MassHealth advisory board."""
"Obama his health care plan is ""universal."""
"""Hillary's baby bond proposal would give $5,000 to each of the 4-million babies born in the U.S. each year, totaling $20-billion per year, multiplied by four years = $80-billion."""
"""People were hopeless. Sixty percent of the population, 70 percent of the population wanted to live somewhere else. . . . By the time I left, 70 percent wanted to stay."""
"The form students fill out to get college financial aid is ""longer than the form to get U.S. citizenship."""
"""John wasn't this raging populist four years ago"" when he ran for president."
"""Right now, an employer has more of a chance of getting hit by lightning than be prosecuted for hiring an undocumented worker. That has to change."""
"""Congress' approval rating is 11 percent. You know who's higher? Dick Cheney and HMOs."""
''The leading Democratic candidate once said that the unfettered free market is the most destructive force in modern America.''
"""All of the records, as far as I know, about what we did with health care, those are already available."" "
"Obama ""refused to not only put his hand on his heart during the Pledge of Allegiance, but refused to say the pledge."""
"Edwards if Congress won't pass universal health care, he'll tell Congress: ""I'm going to use my power as president to take your health care away from you."""
"Rudy Giuliani is ""probably the most underqualified man since George Bush to seek the presidency."" "
"""Here's a man who brags about how he made the city safe. It was the Biden crime bill that became the Clinton crime bill that allowed him to do that."""
"""It's just outrageous that under President Bush, the National Institutes of Health have been basically decreased in funding."" "
"""In the 1990s, the Biden Crime Bill added 100,000 cops to America's streets. As a result, murder and violent crime rates went down eight years in a row."""
"""She hasn't run a corner store. She hasn't run a state. She hasn't run a city. She has never run anything."""
"""I had prostate cancer, five, six years ago. My chance of surviving prostate cancer, and thank God I was cured of it, in the United States, 82%. My chances of surviving prostate cancer in England, only 44% under socialized medicine."" "
"""More people in this country have seen UFOs than I think approve of George Bush's presidency."""
"Thompson ""voted against $250,000 caps on damages (and) almost anything that would make our legal system fairer."""
"The signers of the Declaration of Independence were ""brave people, most of whom, by the way, were clergymen."""
"""I brought down crime more than anyone in this country -- maybe in the history of this country -- while I was mayor of New York City."" -  "
"Clinton ""refused repeated requests to meet with the Gold Star Mothers."""
"""The Clintons now charge the Secret Service $10,000 monthly rent for the use of (a) Secret Service residence and that rent is just about equal to their mortgage payment."""
"In 2006, Arizona had four ballot issues that were ""very tough on illegal immigration... Forty-seven percent of the Hispanics in Arizona voted for them."" "
"""Another one he should veto is the SCHIP program, which he should say 'Take the C out of, because now it's for everybody, like every other entitlement program.'"""
"""Dr. Paul never votes for legislation unless the proposed measure is expressly authorized by the Constitution."""
"""We spent $223-million on a bridge in Alaska to an island with 50 people on it."""
" ""Rural schools enroll 40 percent of American children, but receive only 22 percent of federal education funding."""
"""The Iraq Study Group reported that (Saddam Hussein) had designs on reviving his nuclear program."""
"""The reality is, with a $2 trillion-a-year health care budget, we're spending more on health care, nearly 17 percent of our gross domestic product, versus 3.8 percent of GDP on the entire military budget."""
"""I was the first presidential candidate to lay out a specific, truly universal health care plan."""
"""If we manufactured 5-million of these 2.5-meg windmills across the country, we could electrify the entire nation — the entire nation."""
"""There are 300,000 babies born deformed every year in this country because of women who are alcoholics while they're carrying those children to term."" "
"""I'm probably one of the four or five best-known Americans in the world."""
"""What they will do is socialized medicine."""
"""I'm pro-life. He's not."""
"English ""is our national language...if it becomes official, that means in a place like New York City you can't print ballots in any other language."""
"""Iowa, for good reason, for constitutional reasons, for reasons related to the Lord, should be the first caucus and primary."""
"In countries that allow gay marriage, the rates of heterosexual marriage ""have plummeted to where you have counties now in northern Europe where 80 percent of the first-born children are born out of wedlock."""
"""I would love to see us have in this country what I helped lead in Arkansas...Amendment 65 (which) that we believe life begins at conception, and that we ought to do everything in the world possible to protect it until its natural conclusion."""
"""The Z-visa that was offered in that Senate bill let everybody who's here illegally, other than criminals, stay here for the rest of their lives."""
"If African-Americans vote their percentage of the population in 2008, ""Mississippi is suddenly a Democratic state."""
"""The crime decline in the United States would be fairly small if it wasn't for the crime decline in New York City."" "
"Sen. Clinton said ""the surge of troops in Iraq was 'working.' Now.... Sen. Clinton the surge 'has failed' and that we should 'begin the immediate withdrawal of U.S. troops.'"""
"""In 1972, we had a 179,000 human beings in jail in this country. Today, it's 2.3-million, and 70 percent of them are black, African-American.""  "
"""The president is brain-dead."""
"""I'll tell you what I can tell this country: If they want a president who doesn't believe in God, there's probably plenty of choices."""
"""For every single scientist that tells you (global warming is) happening and that it's our fault...I can stack up another group of reports that say just the opposite."" "
