 Rick Perry cut taxes. 
"A ""working woman"" will earn $7.70 on $10. "
"""Al-Qaida has grown fourfold in five years.""  "
"""America is No. 1 in wind power."" "
"""Worked with Ronald Reagan and helped re-elect him."" "
"Travis County is ""surrounded by red counties."" "
"""Harry Reid has a better voting attendance record than these three Congressmen!"" "
"Chris Christie fired 6,000 teachers. "
"""I was filibustered."" "
" ""Forty-seven percent of (members of Congress) are millionaires."" "
" ""In every state, women are paid less than men."" "
"opponent Beto O’Rourke ""wants to legalize drugs."" "
" ""I stopped requesting earmarks in 2008."""
"""I was the first member of Congress to contribute to Donald Trump."" "
"""At least Obama didn't marry his cousin,"" as Giuliani did. "
"""Slavery is still allowable under Wisconsin law as long as it’s a punishment for a crime."" "
"""Alexander Hamilton was an immigration hawk."" "
"Donald Trump said he intends ""to open up additional areas off the coast to oil drilling"" during the campaign. "
"In Flint, Mich., ""the pipes still haven't been replaced. The water is still poisoned."" "
"Texas spends ""more per day to house an inmate than we do on a student."" "
"Since the salary for state lawmakers was raised to $79,500, ""that purchasing power has now been reduced to $53,000."" "
"""President-elect Trump's immigration policies are very similar to policies that are sitting right in the Senate and the House today to temporarily suspend immigration from countries that harbor terrorism, to temporarily suspend immigration from Syria until we get better vetting."" "
"John Bolton supported the Iraq War and said last year that ""I still think the decision to overthrow Saddam was correct."" "
"Texas A&M University - Commerce ""offers counseling, safe spaces for students who are afraid of President-elect Trump."" "
"Obamacare ""is not a popular law."" "
"""Thirty-one percent of school districts are still receiving less funding per pupil than they did prior to the dramatic budget cuts of 2011."" "
"California has seen a ""56 percent decline in the gun murder rate"" since the 1990s. "
"Financial conflict-of-interest ""laws don't apply to the president, right? So, the president doesn't have to have a blind trust."" "
Newt Gingrich has been a proponent of selecting a president by popular vote instead of the Electoral College. 
"there are ""probably 2 million, it could be even 3 million"" criminal immigrants in the country illegally. "
"""Anyone who knows you can just"" look it up to ""see if you voted.""   "
"""Surveys show that many of our citizens think we devote a full quarter or even a third of our federal budget to foreign aid."" "
"The list of voters that North Carolina Republicans ""tried to purge was two-thirds black and Democratic."" "
"""It's just been announced that the residents of Florida are going to experience a massive, double-digit premium hike."" "
"""Nearly one in four people in their prime working years are not working."" "
"""Spanish was the first European language spoken in this country."" "
"Under Donald Trump's tax plan, ""51 percent of single parents would see their taxes go up.""   "
"Republican gubernatorial candidate Eric Greitens ""spent another $600,000 on image consultants"" to rebrand his charity, The Mission Continues. "
"""(Deborah) Ross defends those who want to burn the American flag, and even called efforts to ban flag-burning ‘ridiculous,’ yet refused to help a disabled veteran fly the flag."" "
"Richard Burr ""was one of only three senators who voted against a ban on insider trading for members of Congress. And he called that vote brave."" "
"""Ron Johnson calls Social Security a Ponzi scheme and wants to privatize the program."" "
"Russ Feingold said that with Obamacare, ""we could keep our doctors and our plans, it was rated as the Lie of the Year.""   "
"Donald Trump ""says organized crime runs wild on reservations."" "
"Nevadans will have a ""double-digit hike in their Obamacare premiums for the year"" and ""10 of Nevada’s 16 counties will only have one Obamacare...exchange insurer"" "
"""In one Colorado hospital, 50 percent of newborns tested had marijuana in their system."" "
"Donald Trump ""wants to undo marriage equality."" "
"""I had the longest judicial vacancy in the history of the United States."" "
"""Thousands of Americans have been killed by illegal immigrants."" "
"Russ Feingold ""formed his own political group to pay himself and his staff millions.""   "
"Chris Koster ""opposes right-to-work efforts because he has taken $8 million from ‘union bosses.’"" "
"""One in five American households have nobody under the same roof that's got a job."" "
"Donald Trump and Ron Johnson ""oppose a woman's right to choose and Johnson voted against the Violence Against Women Act."" "
"Donald Trump ""doesn't believe in equal pay."" "
"""Wisconsin is one of several states where you can change your early ballot if you think you've made a mistake.""   "
"Chris Koster ""opposed protecting the women of Missouri"" because he ""was one of only four senators to vote against"" a bill ending the practice of making rape victims pay for their own rape kits. "
"""Richard Burr voted to protect tax breaks for companies that ship jobs overseas but voted against a tax break to help working people."" "
"of Donald Trump, ""He even said, on his very first day in office, he would require every school in America to let people carry guns into our classrooms."" "
"""The FBI has reopened its investigation into Hillary Clinton ... and discovered another 650,000 emails."" "
"""Catherine Cortez Masto indicted (Brian Krolicki), who was an innocent man, in order to save Harry Reid's political career"" "
"Donald Trump wants to deport ""our Dreamers."" "
"Joe Morrissey ""has been a delegate in the General Assembly for eight years with no laws passed to help our black community with education or workforce."" "
"Barack Obama ""is the first president in modern history not to have a single year of 3 percent growth."" "
"""Donald Trump's strategy is pretty simple. They have even said in his campaign it's to get women to stay home, get young people to stay home, get people of color to stay home, and get a lot smart, intelligent men to stay home, too."" "
"U.S. Sen. Ron Johnson ""doesn't even believe that there's a man-made role in climate change."" "
"""There are Justice Department policies against"" FBI Director James Comey discussing details of a federal investigation ""so close to an election."" "
"""Several elected state officials have opened their homes to children in need of loving families."" "
"""We are seeing kids who are healthier."" "
"""Nearly half of African-American children under the age of 6 are living in abject poverty."" "
"Global warming leads to much quicker spread of the Zika virus because the increased temperature, ""makes mosquitoes mature faster,  . . . bite more due to having a higher metabolism, and makes the Zika virus inside of them incubate faster."" "
"an election clerk in Green Bay refused to allow early voting on the UW-Green Bay campus because she ""was afraid it would help Democrats,"" showing ""outrageous partisan bias."" "
"Marco Rubio ""said Social Security and Medicare have ‘weakened us as a people.’ "" "
"Marco Rubio ""has a 98 percent voting record with the Koch brothers."" "
"""One-half of undocumented workers pay federal income taxes, which means they are paying more federal income taxes than Donald Trump pays."" "
"""Paul Ryan’s already spent millions to try and permanently derail Brad (Schneider)’s progressive, energized campaign.""  "
"In the Paula Jones case, Bill Clinton paid an ""$850,000 penalty."" "
"""We’ve spent $6 trillion"" on the wars in the Middle East. "
"""Europe and U.S. households waste 15 times more food than a person in Africa."" "
"Donald Trump ""was asked if he would defend our allies. He said well, first he'd want to know if they made any payments to us to defend them."" "
"Department of Veterans Affairs doctors ""are prohibited from recommending medical marijuana."" "
"""We have never done business with Donald Trump."" "
"""We have almost 68,000 Georgia students who are required by law to attend a chronically failing school.""  "
"Donald Trump is ""the first person running for president, Republican or Democrat, who refused to say that he would respect the results of this election."" "
"""Donald Trump says he'd deport 16 million people."" "
"he and his running mate ""are the only candidates that do believe in free trade."" "
"As executive director of the Democratic Party of Virginia there were ""300 people on my payroll in 2008."" "
"he’s ""taken an 8% pay decrease in each of the nine years he has been in office."" "
"""400 bills have my name on them either as a sponsor or a co-sponsor. You don’t get that done unless you work with folks on the other side."" "
"In 1928 ""school boards sent home letters with children saying that if Al Smith is elected president, you will not be allowed to have or read a Bible."" "
"""ISIS is in 32 countries."" "
"A World Health Organization report shows ""that more people are dying of TB."" "
"""With her solution, terrorists can still today — and by the way ISIS knows it, they have been advertising it — buy guns online and at gun shows in the United States of America."" "
"The Democratic Party ""is the oldest continuous political party in the world."" "
"The city of Richmond ""built the second richest team in the NFL a $14 million stadium."" "
"""Ford is moving all of their small-car production to Mexico."" "
"""We’re already bombing seven countries."" "
"electric utilities ""are trying to fool you into amending your state Constitution in a way that gives them the authority to shut down net metering."" "
 Ron Paul insisted FEMA should be shut down.
"""Nobody knows about it, nobody talks about it, but under Obama, millions of people have been moved out of this country, they've been deported."" "
"""Because as a Senator Toomey stood up for Wall Street. He wanted to privatize Social Security and invest it in the stock market. Wall Street would make billions in fees even if the stock market crashed. "" "
"Saudi Arabia, a U.S. ally, has ""paid to export throughout the world"" Wahhabism -- ""an extreme form of Islam"" that basically teaches ""Americans are the devil."" "
"Ted Strickland ""in this campaign bragged about his A-plus rating with the NRA. ... He has said he has a mixed and spotty record on this issue and that he can be criticized for it. Those are his words, not mine. So I don’t know where he is on this issue."" "
"Rob Portman ""said the auto rescue was a lousy deal for Ohio."" "
"""The director of the FBI said that we cannot figure out who (Syrian refugees) are, what their intentions are, because we have no information on them, because we don’t have any contact with the Syrian government or any people on the ground to be able to determine that."" "
"Russia has ""tremendous numbers of nuclear warheads — 1,800, by the way — where they expanded, and we didn't."" "
"Sen. Rob Portman says Ted Strickland earned $400,000 a year as a lobbyist after leaving Ohio for Washington.   "
"Joe Heck ""voted to shut down the government."" "
"""What I have put forward does not add a penny to the debt.""   "
"""Zephyr Teachout says she is against Super PACs despite taking money from Super PAC donors"" "
"""There was even a time when (Donald Trump) didn't get an Emmy for his TV program three years in a row and he started tweeting that the Emmys were rigged."" "
"Donald Trump ""said as recently as a few weeks ago in Phoenix that every undocumented person would be subject to deportation."" "
"Donald Trump ""used undocumented labor to build the Trump Tower."" "
"Hillary Clinton ""wanted the wall."" "
"""We have 17 intelligence agencies, civilian and military, who have all concluded that these espionage attacks, these cyberattacks, come from the highest levels of the Kremlin, and they are designed to influence our election."" "
"""What the District of Columbia was trying to do (with its handgun ban) was to protect toddlers from guns."" "
"""We have 33,000 people a year who die from guns."" "
"""Heroin .. pours across our southern borders.""   "
"Sen. Rob Portman said, ""It would be irresponsible not to cut Medicare."" "
"Colorado saw ""increased incidents of emergency room visits by young people"" and ""increased incidents of driving while under the influence of marijuana"" following the legalization of recreational pot. "
"the U.S. Attorney’s Office said ""that neither I nor my campaign had any idea what was going on"" regarding my father's illegal campaign contributions. ""And that’s why they closed this case."" "
"Sen. John McCain ""has taken more money from Wall Street than any other sitting senator."" "
"""Gov. (Pat) McCrory took $500,000 directly out of the disaster relief fund. And you know what it’s for? House Bill 2."" "
"""Sen. (Richard) Burr voted no on the Violence Against Women Act."" "
"Warren Buffett has publicly said his secretary ""should not be paying a higher tax rate"" than him. "
"""In about three weeks over a half million Floridians are going to lose their coverage again"" through Obamacare. "
"Republican U.S. Rep. Bob Dold ""continues to side with his Republican leadership and the NRA in blocking consideration of a bill that would keep firearms out of the hands of people on the terrorist watch list."" "
"""When asked about equal pay for women, (Rubio’s) quote was that it was a waste of time."" "
"""Marco Rubio made it clear: Not only does he think Donald Trump is a con man, he went on to say he doesn't trust Donald Trump with the nuclear codes."" "
"Marco Rubio ""opposes immigration reform. Worse, Rubio supports Donald Trump. His plan would deport 800,000 children, destroying families."" "
"Donald Trump’s plan to repeal the estate tax would mean the Walmart Walton family would ""get a $53 billion tax break.""   "
"""In exchange for five minutes with Bill Clinton, the government of Qatar was going to give $1 million to the Clinton Foundation."" "
"Sen. Johnny Isakson voted for a trade agreement, ""with China costing Georgia 93,000 jobs."" "
"""In 67 different ways, Governor McCrory has raised taxes on middle income families."" "
over 90 percent of Travis County’s eligible residents have registered to vote. 
"""We've had Muslims in America since George Washington."" "
"Colorado congressional candidate Morgan Carroll ""voted to allow welfare recipients to use your tax dollars at ATMs at strip clubs and pot dispensaries."" "
"""Refugees are subject to more rigorous screening than the average tourist in the U.S.""   "
"Deborah Ross ""supports the Iran nuclear deal and the ransom it paid for hostages."" "
"Donald Trump’s tax plan gives the wealthy and corporations ""more than the Bush tax cuts by at least a factor of two."" "
"""In the state legislature, I supported Second Amendment rights."" "
"Donald Trump has said ""nuclear proliferation is OK.""   "
"Paul Ryan ""is still endorsing Trump."" "
"Patrick Murphy ""supports a gun ban on commonly owned semi-automatic firearms used for hunting, recreational shooting and self defense."" "
"""We have an increase in murder within our cities, the biggest in 45 years."" "
"""You can look at the propaganda on a lot of the terrorists' sites and what Donald Trump says about Muslims is used to recruit fighters."" "
"""You (Hillary Clinton) get a subpoena, and after getting the subpoena you delete 33,000 emails."" "
"""Right now we are at 90 percent health insurance covered. That's the highest we've ever been in our country."" "
"""You would receive a citation for taking a dildo to class"" at the University of Texas. "
"""Kelly Ayotte voted to give big oil more than $20 billion in tax breaks."" "
"""Donald Trump proposes to deport 16 million people, 11 million who are here without documents, and both Donald Trump and Mike Pence want to get rid of birthright citizenship.""   "
"""The world's 62 richest people own the same wealth as the 3.6 billion poorest."" "
"""he fought Obama at the Supreme Court — and won."" "
"Hillary Clinton ""promised, running for the Senate years ago, 200,000 jobs for upstate New York. ... Not only didn't they come, but they lost so many jobs."" "
"""In other states (where illegal immigrants have been allowed to get driver's licenses) their insurance premiums for everybody have gone down."" "
"""Repeated requests for additional security in Benghazi were routinely denied"" by Hillary ""Clinton’s State Department.""   "
"Congresswoman Loretta Sanchez ""has passed one bill in her 20 years in Congress, and that was to rename a post office."" "
"Hillary Clinton ""went toe-to-toe with Russia as secretary of state to do the New START agreement to reduce Russia's nuclear stockpile."" "
"marijuana use among Colorado high school students ""has not increased since legalization."" "
"she ""voted for a statewide fracking ban."" "
"Donald Trump, in his campaign announcement speech, ""also said, ‘And many of them (Mexicans) are good people. You keep leaving that out of your quote."" "
"""Gov. Pence said, inarguably, Vladimir Putin is a better leader than President Obama."" "
"GOP Congressional candidate Scott Jones ""wants to build a wall. He wants to round people up and deport folks."" "
"Rep. John Katko ""promised he wouldn’t vote to defund Planned Parenthood and since he’s been in office he’s done that four times"" "
"Philando Castile ""had been stopped by police 40 or 50 times before that fatal incident."" "
"""Richard Nixon released tax returns when he was under audit."" "
"""When Donald Trump spoke in Phoenix, he looked the audience in the eye and he said ‘no, we're building a wall and we're deporting everybody.’ He said, quote, ‘they will all be gone. They will all be gone.’ This is one of the ones where you can go to the tape on it and see what Donald Trump has said."" "
"that during President Barack Obama’s tenure, the United States has created ""15 million new jobs."" "
"""In the state of Indiana, I’ve signed more than $3.5 billion in tax relief."" "
"Tim Kaine ""actually tried to raise taxes by about $4 billion.""  "
"""First, Donald Trump said wages are too high, and both Donald Trump and Mike Pence think we ought to eliminate the federal minimum wage."" "
"Senate candidate Katie McGinty ""made thousands from companies she previously regulated."" "
"The U.S. Senate has ""one manufacturer — that'd be me."" "
"Even our attorney general who is a strong Democrat, she has said that we need causation in our workers’ comp system. That’s the No. 1 thing pushing our manufacturing jobs out of Illinois. "
"""The Virginia population increased by just 8 percent from 2005 to 2015, but the per capita spending in the budget increased by a whopping 38 percent.""   "
"""A rural hospital in Missouri closes every 8 months. The legislature’s failure to expand Medicaid has brought crisis to many of Missouri’s rural health care providers."" "
"""Not one penny of (California’s Prop 67) bag ban tax goes to the environment."" "
"""Undocumented immigrants pay $12 billion of taxes every single year.""  "
"""Since I came into office … we have increased the VA budget by 85 percent."" "
"""If you look at any real analysis,"" the Trans-Pacific Partnership is ""going to generate better-paying jobs that are more stable."" "
"""Amendment 2 will bring kid-friendly pot candy to Florida."" "
"Says ""Gary Johnson and the Libertarian Party want to get rid of the public school system."" "
"Donald Trump has ""bankrupt four separate businesses."" "
"""These people that we were going to deport for good reason ended up becoming citizens. Ended up becoming citizens. And it was 800. And now it turns out it might be 1,800, and they don't even know."" "
"most illegal immigrants draw ""welfare benefits, they’re sending their kids to school, they’re using the public services."" "
"""Catherine Cortez Masto failed Nevada rape victims. While attorney general, thousands of rape kits were never sent for DNA analysis."" "
"Maggie Hassan ""missed nearly every university system board meeting."" "
"that except for Donald Trump, ""every other major party nominee"" for the past 40 years has released their tax returns.   "
"Marco Rubio ""voted to slash school funding by billions of dollars and would eliminate the Department of Education."" "
"Donald Trump ""started his career back in 1973 being sued by the Justice Department for racial discrimination because he would not rent apartments in one of his developments to African-Americans."" "
"According to ""independent experts,"" Donald Trump's tax plan ""would blow up the debt by over $5 trillion and would in some instances disadvantage middle-class families compared to the wealthy."" "
"""In Chicago, they've had thousands of shootings, thousands since Jan. 1. Thousands of shootings."" "
"Donald Trump ""publicly invited Putin to hack into Americans’ (emails)."" "
"Hillary Clinton called the Trans-Pacific Partnership ""the gold standard. You called it the gold standard of trade deals. You said it’s the finest deal you’ve ever seen."" "
"""The gun epidemic is the leading cause of death of young African-American men, more than the next nine causes put together."" "
"Donald Trump once suggested that he ""would try to negotiate down the national debt."" "
"Donald Trump ""was one of the people who rooted for the housing crisis. He said back in 2006, ‘Gee, I hope it does collapse because then I can go in and buy some and make some money.’ "" "
"In Richmond, Va., there’s ""more moving vans coming in than going out."" "
"Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine ""want to shut down shale, and shut down natural gas."" "
"""During her first four years in Washington Sen. Ayotte voted with the Koch brothers nearly 90 percent of the time."" "
"""Most private sector jobs in the history of Buffalo exist in Buffalo today"" "
a change in law he carried stopped a $100 million tax increase in the Dallas school district.   
"""Welcome to #Houston, the most #diverse city in #America."" "
"Israel profiles based on ethnicity and ""does it very successfully."" "
"Tom Suozzi raised taxes ""by hundreds of millions of dollars"" as Nassau County executive. "
"""Sixty percent of Americans now support legalizing marijuana.""   "
"Hillary Clinton said, ""with a straight face, that the terrorist attacks this weekend were caused by Donald J. Trump"" "
"""Marco Rubio would take away a woman’s right to choose for victims of rape or incest."" "
"Mike Gallagher’s plan ""would cut Social Security benefits for two-thirds of seniors.""   "
"Donald Trump has outlined ""policies that read like a Kremlin wish list."" "
"""My opponent… was on both the city of Chicago payroll and the state of Illinois payroll simultaneously, taking full salary, funding her full pension benefits both as a city worker and as a state worker for 10 years."" "
"New START, passed while Clinton was secretary of state, is a ""treaty cutting Russia’s nuclear arms."" "
"Ann Kirkpatrick walked out ""on constituents when questioned"" on the Affordable Care Act. "
"""In Harrisburg, I passed more bills than all the Democrats combined, in terms of legislation affecting the city."" "
"comprehensive immigration reform ""will add $700 billion to our economy.""   "
"""We spend more per student than almost any other major country in the world."" "
"""We had the Democratic Governors Association and the Obama political machine come into a Republican primary to try and rig the election by spending $1 million against me in the last couple of days."" "
"Charlie Crist ""stood there, over 3 African-American prisoners in chains, on their knees, on the side of the road. Saying that it was a great sight. Saying we needed to bring it to Florida. And you did this — whether you know or not — on the eve of Juneteenth, the day the African-American community celebrates the end of slavery."" "
"""In the mid 1990s, in our state, (Florida was) No. 1 in violent crime in America. ... The only concern I had was for the citizens of Florida, who were subjected to a violent crime every three minutes and 45 seconds."" "
"that Republican Darryl Glenn has described Democrats as ""evil"" and has said he's ""tired of hearing about Republicans reaching across the aisle."" "
"""Latinos in Nevada support Educational Savings Accounts, helping more than 450,000 students access better schools. But Catherine Cortez Masto is against it."" "
"""Texas has lost the most law enforcement officers in the line of duty of any state in America."" "
"In the past decade in New York State ""more than 30 current and former state officeholders have been convicted, sanctioned or accused of wrongdoing — more than any other state."" "
"""Latinos are 17 percent of our country's population but hold only 2 percent of its wealth."" "
"""Tim Kaine hiked tuition as governor, but now claims to champion affordability."" "
"""Within just a few years, immigration as a share of national population is set to break all historical records."" "
"Hillary Clinton and millennials have the same positions on climate change, abortion rights, immigration reform, gay rights and college affordability. ""Donald Trump doesn't."" "
"If upstate New York split from downstate ""the economic indicators of upstate New York would be among the lowest in the country."" "
"""Marco Rubio wanted to cut Social Security and Medicare because he said they’re bankrupting our country."" "
"she ""would bring 186,740 new jobs to Wisconsin"" and ""Donald Trump would cost Wisconsin 61,050 jobs."" "
"In Georgia, women earn 82 cents for every dollar earned by men.   "
"""Over the last 40 years, this country’s prison population has grown by 500 percent."" "
"Mark Kirk’s claim of national security expertise is ""based on his military record which he lied about at least 10 times."" "
"""As governor, Ted Strickland left only 89 cents in Ohio’s rainy day fund.""   "
"Patrick ""Murphy embellished, according to reports, his University of Miami academic achievement."" "
"""If Texas were a country our economy would rank # 10...in the WORLD.""   "
"""One extra year of schooling for girls reduces infant mortality rates among their children by up to 10 percent."" "
"""When Moammar Gadhafi was set to visit the United Nations, and no one would let him stay in New York, Trump allowed Gadhafi to set up an elaborate tent at his Westchester County (New York) estate.""  "
"""Trump Management was charged with discriminating against African-Americans and breaking federal law."" "
"""You've got a medical report on me that meets the same standard as Mitt Romney and Barack Obama."" "
"U.S.-Mexico border has ""1 million legal border crossings each and every day."" "
"Donald Trump's foundation ""took money other people gave to his charity and then bought a six-foot-tall painting of himself."" "
"Nevada Republican Senate nominee ""Joe Heck voted to criminalize abortion for rape victims."" "
"Heroin comes in the United States ""from the southern border."" "
"Says ""76 percent of all voters in the United States say they want Johnson-Weld, by name, in the presidential debates."" "
crime is ‘rising’ in Manchester and has gone up 19 percent under Mayor Ted Gatsas. 
"For immigrants with visa overstays, ""we make no effort to hold them accountable to that or uphold the law."" "
"Barack Obama has ""doubled our national debt. Doubled it. It's going to be close to $20 trillion when he leaves."" "
"North Carolina’s coast ""is possibly the best place in (the) U.S. for an offshore windfarm."" "
Ron Johnson gave himself a $10 million 'sweetheart corporate payout' 
"Dick Cheney ""supported gay marriage sooner"" than Hillary Clinton. "
"Donald Trump is ""on record extensively supporting (the) intervention in Libya."" "
"""Classified material has a header which says ‘top-secret, secret, confidential.’ Nothing, and I will repeat this and this is verified in the report by the Department of Justice, none of the emails sent or received by me had such a header."" "
"Young women, ""account for a shocking 74% of all new HIV infections among adolescents in Africa."" "
Russ Feingold broke his 1992 promise to always get the majority of funding from Wisconsin residents. 
"""Joe Heck voted 10 times to defund Planned Parenthood ... and Heck opposes a woman's right to choose, even when her health is at risk."" "
"The Secure Communities Program and 287(g) immigration programs ""were programs that worked"" but were ""recklessly gutted"" by the Obama administration. "
"""Undocumented workers crossing the border right now is at a 12-year low."" "
"Hillary Clinton ""wants to increase Syrian refugees to this country by 550 percent."" "
"""Since 2013 alone, the Obama administration has allowed 300,000 criminal aliens to return back into United States communities. These are individuals encountered or identified by (Immigration and Customs Enforcement), but who were not detained or processed for deportation because it wouldn't have been politically correct."" "
"""Sen. Rubio has the worst vote attendance record of any Florida senator in nearly 50 years."" "
"Child care costs ""in some states now exceed the average price tag for college tuition."" "
"Tom Reed ""has actually voted for every single trade deal that has ever come before him in any form."" "
"that in 2015, ""illegal"" immigrants accounted for 75 percent of federal drug possession convictions and 5 percent to 30 percent of convictions for murder and kidnapping plus two other crimes. "
"Under the current procedure, if someone ""on a terror watch list"" tries to buy a gun, authorities are notified. "
"California’s Prop 60, which would require condom use in adult films, would put ""workers in the adult film industry at risk for lawsuits and harassment."" "
"""The Dallas Cowboys can’t put a sticker on their helmets for the 5 police officers who were killed."" "
"Alex Jones ""said that the victims of the Sandy Hook massacre were child actors and no one was actually killed there."" "
"""There are at least 23 countries that refuse to take their people back after they’ve been ordered to leave the United States, including large numbers of violent criminals.""   "
"""The Clinton Foundation is a charity where President and Secretary Clinton and their daughter, they take no salary, they get no money from it, they take no personal benefit from it."" "
"Gov. Pat McCrory ""tried to cut education funding to its lowest budget share in over 30 years."" "
"The Clinton Foundation ""took steps that went above and beyond all legal requirements and, indeed, all standard requirements followed by every other charitable organization."" "
"Says GOP U.S. Senate candidate Darryl Glenn ""wants to eliminate the Department of Education"" and jeopardize college funding for 320,000 Coloradans. "
"""It has been 269 days since (Hillary) Clinton has held a press conference."" "
"Both the Democratic and Republican candidates for president in 2016 are ""quite unpopular."" "
"Milwaukee has ""the highest incarceration rate among African-American men in the country.""   "
"U.S. Rep. Bruce Poliquin voted to ""force seniors to pay more for prescription drugs."" "
"""Her campaign and her supporters in her campaign were the ones that borne out the birther movement.""   "
"Hillary Clinton ""is the one that labeled African-American youth as ‘superpredators.’"" "
"""Donald Trump himself contributed $100,000"" to the Clinton Foundation. "
"there are ""concrete examples"" of University of Texas job applicants or prospective applicants and students as well as invited speakers changing their minds because of handguns being allowed in campus buildings and classrooms. "
"""Parents and teachers are already worrying about what they call the ‘Trump Effect.’ They report that bullying and harassment are on the rise in our schools, especially targeting students of color, Muslims and immigrants."" "
"""President Obama’s proposed oil tax would cost consumers 24 cents a gallon.""   "
"Chicago Public Schools ""lead the country in high school graduation of an urban school system,"" ""match the United States of America in kids graduating high school going on to a four-year college,"" and are ""producing eighth-grade leaders in the country in math gains, fourth-grade leaders in reading gains."" "
"in Washington, D.C., Sen. Richard Burr ""took millions from special interests, went there and cashed in, voted to cut (his) own taxes and raise taxes on working folks."" "
"""In Congress, (Cresent Hardy) voted to defund DACA."" "
"""Hillary [Clinton] wants to raise taxes by over a trillion dollars."" "
"Arizona congressional candidate Christine Jones ""called Hillary Clinton ‘a capable and respected leader,’ and an ‘effective’ secretary of state. ... Hillary Clinton effective? Christine Jones thinks so."" "
"Marco Rubio ""voted against the bipartisan Violence Against Women Act."" "
"Scott Walker's ""listening sessions"" are ""invite-only and excluding the press.""   "
"""22 veterans take their own lives each day."" "
"""Almost half a million people are still eligible (for DACA), particularly in the Asian-American and Pacific Islander community."" "
"""In Congress right now, we're doing the best job we have ever done in women in the federal legislature,"" but it’s still only ""19 percent."" "
"Under Hillary Clinton’s plan ""illegal immigrants convicted of committing crimes get to stay."" "
"""Neither Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump has a plan to address the civil war in Syria."" "
"""At $587 apiece, USA would need to bring home about 33.1 BILLION gold medals to pay off our national debt."" "
"""We admit about 100,000 permanent immigrants from the Middle East every year."" "
"Milwaukee police use deadly force at a rate that is ""among the lowest"" in the country.   "
"Arizona congressional candidate Ray Strauss is ""a ‘Champion of Big Government’ for his votes to raise taxes while on the local city council."" "
"""While introducing Donald Trump, former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani omitted the September 11, 2001, strikes as a ‘successful’ terrorist attack during the eight years before President Obama’s 2008 election."" "
"the director of an anti-abortion group receiving a Texas grant to provide women’s health services ""believes HIV can be spread through the sewer system."" "
"""Today California is kicking our butt, creating more jobs and more economic growth than Texas."" "
"""Marco Rubio wrote and passed bipartisan legislation allowing the VA to fire negligent workers."" "
"her campaign platform includes the ""biggest investment in new, good-paying jobs since World War II."" "
"""Seventy percent of all Texans are overweight or obese."" "
"""Most Americans support"" the legalization of marijuana. "
"Donald Trump ""has a long history of exporting jobs overseas.""   "
"Kim Myers ""voted repeatedly to raise taxes on the people of Broome County, but made millions off of tax savings when her family business relocated its headquarters."" "
"""employers are still allowed to pay people with disabilities below the minimum wage."" "
"Legal prescription drugs ""statistically kill 100,000 people a year, (but) there are no documented deaths due to marijuana."" "
"The Obama administration has been ""raising taxes.""   "
"""50% of Hispanic students count on Pell Grants to pay for college."" "
"Hillary Clinton once ""wanted a wall"" on the Mexican border. "
"his father-in-law, former Gov. Linwood Holton, ""integrated Virginia public schools."" "
"Donald Trump is ""against marriage equality. He wants to go back."" "
"In Hillary Clinton's tax returns, ""you saw a lot of income coming from donors to the Clinton Foundation and people who benefitted from her State Department term as well."" "
"""I opposed the only multilateral trade deal that came before the Senate while I was there."" "
"""California is home to the largest death row population in the Western Hemisphere."" "
Overdosing is now the number one accidental killer in our Commonwealth. 
"Carlos Beruff ""supported (Charlie) Crist even after he switched parties."" "
"""Bruce Rauner is of record that he will fully support the Trump candidacy. It's documented. It’s available.""  "
"Hillary Clinton tripled the number of people with AIDS whose ""lives are being saved .. and it did not cost you any more money."" "
"Undocumented immigrants ""pay $12 billion a year into Social Security."" "
"""U.S. Sen. Johnny Isakson has voted for $7 trillion of our national debt!"" "
"""(Paul Ryan) has actually proposed three — total, three — bills that have become law in his entire career dating back to 1999."" "
"""Half of all NC legislative candidates are unopposed because of gerrymandering."" "
"that under the Obama administration, ""the debt has nearly doubled."" "
the media distorted what happened with a baby at his rally. 
"""Mike Pence voted against expanding the Children’s Health Insurance program, which Hillary helped to start."" "
"""I haven't switched my position"" on the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal. "
"Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton are ""responsible for leading America into a deal that will arm Iran."" "
"Because of the Trans-Pacific Partnership ""we’ve got a country like Malaysia taking really serious efforts to crack down on human trafficking.""   "
"""Interior deportations under Obama were down 40 percent and at a nine-year low."" "
"The Iran nuclear deal is ""putting billions of dollars back into a country that’s the world’s largest supporter of terrorism. We are actually giving them the money to fund the terrorists that are killing us and our allies."" "
"""The mosquito population in South Florida is larger than it is in many other communities in the country."" "
"""The poverty rates in America today aren’t much better than when we started the War on Poverty."" "
"Thanks to the Trans-Pacific Partnership, ""Vietnam is drafting and presenting unprecedented labor reforms, changing their Constitution to recognize worker organizations in Vietnam for the first time."" "
"After initially agreeing with Republicans on an amount for Zika funding, ""Democrats derailed it."" "
"""Illinois suffered 1,652 overdose deaths in 2014 ... of which 40 percent were associated with heroin. Illinois is ranked number one in the nation for a decline in treatment capacity between 2007 and 2012, and is now ranked the third worst in the country for state-funded treatment capacity.""  "
"The Trans-Pacific Partnership ""knocks out 18,000 tariffs that other countries place on American products and goods."" "
"Russia and China are ""doing naval exercises together someplace.""   "
"""Danny Tarkanian … wants to defund Planned Parenthood and would outlaw a woman's right to choose, even in cases of rape or incest."" "
"""We rank 38th in wages. ... (Rick Scott) goes out around the country and advertises that to other states."" "
"Trade deals threaten ""India’s role as the pharmacy of the developing world"" for new HIV medicines. "
"""American homeownership rate in Q2 2016 was 62.9% - lowest rate in 51yrs.""   "
"Donald Trump ""proposes tax cuts, too -- $3 trillion for millionaires like himself and $2 trillion for corporations like his.""   "
"Barack Obama ""ended up getting re-elected by the largest gender gap in the history of American elections."" "
"Indiana Gov. Mike Pence ""denies that there's such a thing as evolution."" "
"""We fixed a loophole in the (gun) background record check system so that we could make our commonwealth safer."" "
"""Donald Trump has defended"" World War II internment camps. "
"""More than 90 percent of the gains have gone to the top 1 percent.""   "
"Donald Trump ""claimed our armed forces are 'a disaster.'"" "
"""We put a lid on Iran's nuclear program without firing a single shot."" "
"Trump ties are made ""in China, not Colorado. Trump suits in Mexico, not Michigan. Trump furniture in Turkey, not Ohio. Trump picture frames in India, not Wisconsin."" "
"""Our economy is so much stronger than when (Barack Obama and Joe Biden) took office. Nearly 15 million new private-sector jobs."" "
"After the shootings of Dallas policemen, ""nearly 500 people applied in just 12 days."" "
"Donald Trump said at the Republican convention, ""I alone can fix it."" "
"Florida retirees and families ""lost tens of thousands of dollars"" in deposits on failed Trump condo projects, but he ""pocketed their money and walked away."" "
"Hillary Clinton ""negotiated the first agreement — ever — where China and India officially committed to reduce their emissions."" "
"""The Koch network (is) spending more money (in a Senate race) in Ohio than anywhere else in the country."" "
"In first week as governor, Tim Kaine ""proposed a nearly $4 billion tax increase, $4 billion, including a tax increase on people earning as little as $17,000 a year."" "
"Donald Trump promised ""the mass deportation of Latino families."" "
"Indiana Gov. Mike Pence ""advocated diverting taxpayer dollars to so-called conversion therapy."" "
"""Almost every country on Earth sees America as stronger and more respected today than they did eight years ago when I took office."" "
"""Illegal immigration and the crime rate are as low as they’ve been in decades."" "
"""We have the most productive workers in the world."" "
"""John McCain’s chief economic adviser during the ’08 race … estimated that Trump’s promises would cause America to lose 3.5 million jobs."" "
"Independent analysts ""found that Trump's tax plan, given to the wealthy and big corporations, would rack up $30 trillion in debt."" "
"Donald Trump ""games the U.S. visa system so he can hire temporary foreign workers at low wages."" "
"""Ninety percent of Americans want our background check system strengthened and expanded to cover more gun sales."" "
"Donald Trump ""called the military that I served in a disaster."" "
"""We moved 100 times as many people out of poverty as moved out when President (Ronald) Reagan was in office, with 40 percent more jobs."" "
"""Immigrants start businesses at a faster rate; they seem to grow those businesses more successfully.""   "
"he and Bernie Sanders have ""very similar"" views on trade "
"""Not one American flag on the massive stage at the Democratic National Convention until people started complaining- then a small one. Pathetic."" "
"U.S. Sen. Ron Johnson ""opposes faster broadband internet in small towns"" and ""got nearly $90,000 in campaign contributions from the telecom special interests."" "
"""As secretary of state, (Hillary Clinton) worked hard to get strong sanctions against Iran's nuclear program"" and ""got Russia and China to support them."" "
"""The approval of the United States was 20 points higher when (Hillary Clinton) left the secretary of state's office than when she took it."" "
"In South Sudan, ""more teenage girls die in childbirth than finish high school."" "
"Donald Trump ""cashed in"" on Sept. 11,  ""collecting $150,000 in federal funds intended to help small businesses recover — even though days after the attack Trump said his properties were not affected."" "
"Hillary Clinton helped ""get done"" the Children's Health Insurance Program. "
"Donald Trump ""said a woman should be punished for exercising her right to choose.""   "
"""Human trafficking is the third-biggest criminal enterprise in the world.""   "
"California has ""the sixth largest economy on planet Earth."" "
"""The top 1 percent in recent years has earned 85 percent of all new income."" "
"""There are fewer people crossing (the southwest) border than in the last 30 years."" "
"""Donald Trump said he was excited for the 2008 housing crash that devastated millions of American families, because he thought it would help him scoop up more real estate on the cheap."" "
"Speakers at the Democratic National Convention made ""zero mentions of the global terrorist threat posed by ISIS."" "
"""The top one-tenth of 1 percent now owns almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent."" "
"Donald Trump ""believes that states should actually have the right to lower the minimum wage below $7.25."" "
"""I wake up every morning in a house (the White House) that was built by slaves."" "
"Trump shirts are made in Bangladesh, Trump suits in Mexico, Trump Vodka in the Netherlands, Trump crystal barware in Slovenia and his cufflinks and ties in China. "
"""We are the only industrialized nation that doesn't guarantee workers paid family leave."" "
"Debbie Wasserman Schultz ""has voted for huge subsidies for the sugar industry ... as well as for delays in cleanups."" "
"The U.S. has to go to ""plane graveyards"" and museums to get parts for its 20-year-old jet fighters while it sells new jets to other countries. "
"""We created 800,000 new jobs, we cut the unemployment rate almost in half and today New York State has more private sector jobs than it has ever had in its history"" "
"that as a U.S. senator, Russ Feingold ""voted against authorizing our military 11 separate times."" "
"""Nearly 180,000 illegal immigrants with criminal records, ordered deported from our country, are tonight roaming free to threaten peaceful citizens."" "
"""An amendment, pushed by Lyndon Johnson many years ago, threatens religious institutions with a loss of their tax-exempt status if they openly advocate their political views."" "
"""Household incomes are down more than $4,000 since the year 2000."" "
"""Our trade deficit in goods reached nearly … $800 billion last year alone."" "
"Hillary Clinton ""supported North American Free Trade Agreement), and she supported China’s entrance into the World Trade Organization…. She supported the job-killing trade deal with South Korea. She supported the Trans-Pacific Partnership."" "
"""While Hillary Clinton plans a massive, and I mean massive, tax increase, I have proposed the largest tax reduction of any candidate who has run for president this year, Democrat or Republican."" "
"""America has lost nearly one third of its manufacturing jobs since 1997, following the enactment of disastrous trade deals supported by Bill and Hillary Clinton.""   "
"Hillary Clinton ""wants sanctuary cities."" "
"Hillary Clinton ""has called for a radical 550 percent increase in Syrian  ... refugees . . .  despite the fact that there’s no way to screen these refugees in order to find out who they are or where they come from.""   "
"""Forty-three million Americans are on food stamps.""   "
"""The number of new illegal immigrant families who have crossed the border so far this year already exceeds the entire total from 2015."" "
"""Homicides last year increased by 17 percent in America’s 50 largest cities. That’s the largest increase in 25 years."" "
"""Two million more Latinos are in poverty today than when President Obama took his oath of office less than eight years ago."" "
"""Every single strawberry that is served to Members of Congress will have passed through the rough hands of an undocumented immigrant."" "
"North Carolina is ""home of the largest military installations in the world."" "
"as Indiana governor, he has made ""record investments in education."" "
"""We in Indiana have . . . the highest credit rating in the nation."" "
"Says ""Hillary (Clinton) wants to increase the number (of Syrian refugees) by 500 percent."" "
"""There are more Hoosiers going to work than ever before."" "
"""Just 9 percent of Muslims in Pakistan view ISIS favorably. Unfortunately, that 9 percent is 16 million people. And that’s just one country."" "
"""For decades, the state’s gas tax has been among the highest in the nation."" "
"Donald Trump ""rooted for the housing crisis, because he knew he could make money off of it."" "
""" ‘What difference, at this point, does it make?' I am the guy that got under her skin and provoked that infamous response from Hillary Clinton by asking a pretty simple question, 'Why didn't you just pick up the phone and call the survivors’ (of the Benghazi attack)?"" "
"Hillary Clinton ""said all work-related emails were sent back to the State Department. The FBI director said, that's not true."" "
"""(Clinton) called President Assad a ‘reformer.’ She called Assad a ‘different kind of leader.’ ""   "
"Hillary Clinton ""lied about why her parents named her Hillary."" "
"""(Koch Industries) is among the worst in toxic air pollution in the entire United States ... and churns out more climate-changing greenhouse gases than oil giants Chevron, Shell and Valero."" "
"""There are at least twice as many licensed firearm dealers in California as there are McDonald’s."" "
"""We have the lowest percentage of Americans actually holding a job in 40 years."" "
"""John Faso took money from fossil fuel companies as they tried to take your land by eminent domain for a fracked gas pipeline."" "
"""Illegal tobacco sales, price driven too high, has been connected to at least several cases of funding terrorism against us in multi-year investigations over the last decade and a half."" "
"""Granite State shipbuilders . . . built the first ship that sailed into battle under a new American flag."" "
"""95 percent of the world’s customers are … beyond our shores."" "
"""Do you know what the second sport with the most concussions is? Women’s soccer… And the third most dangerous sport? Cheerleading."" "
"Gary Farmer’s claim that he ""received an 'A' from the NRA"" is ""an absolute lie.""   "
"middle-class New York State residents will have the ""lowest tax rate in 70 years."" "
"""In North Carolina, paid family leave is more popular than college basketball."" "
"""You're more likely to be the victim of a violent crime in Milwaukee than in 96 percent of the country."" "
"""Today, there are more Hoosiers going to work than ever before in the 200-year history of the great state of Indiana."" "
"""(Mexican immigrants) are more law-abiding than U.S. citizens and that is a statistic."" "
"""Over the last six years, the state of Illinois spent about $320 million on illegal immigrants."" "
"""A shocking 20 veterans are committing suicide each and every day, especially our older veterans."" "
GOP Senate nominee Darryl Glenn said he wants to see Ted Cruz appointed to the U.S. Supreme Court.  
"""Independent analysts say (Donald Trump) would add $30 trillion to the national debt."" "
"African-Americans don't use drugs at a higher level than whites but ""wind up going to prison six times more."" "
"""Each [Corbett administration] budget finished in the black."" "
"""We have lower family incomes in Illinois today than we had 17 years ago in Illinois ... because of the control of (House) Speaker (Michael) Madigan and his Democrats."" "
"In 2016, Dallas, Texas, has fewer ""police officer-related shootings than any large city in America."" "
"The United States is ""the oldest democracy"" in the world. "
"Hillary Clinton has been given tens of millions of dollars by countries that ""treat women horribly ... and countries that kill gays."" "
" The war on drugs led to ""a 500 percent increase in incarceration in our country, disproportionately affecting poor and disproportionately affecting minorities.""   "
"""There are approximately 18,000 (police) departments in the United States.""     "
"""We got the highest vote count in the history of the Republican Party."" "
"Donald Trump ""wants to get rid of the federal minimum wage."" "
"Harris County, Texas has ""some of the highest jailing and incarceration rates in the U.S. and the world.""   "
"""Sanctuary cities such as Philadelphia refuse to cooperate with the federal government in locating suspected terrorists who are in their custody and are in the country illegally."" "
"""More people now die in Wisconsin from drug overdoses than car crashes."" "
"""Right now, our corrections department charges taxpayers between $30,000 and $40,000 a year per person we lock up,"" she said. ""That’s actually cheap when you compare us to the rest of the country."" "
"For 21 countries in Sub-Saharan Africa, ""we simply do not have data to say anything about trends in poverty.""   "
"Patrick Murphy has ""taken more money from Wall Street than any other member of Congress other than the speaker and the majority leader."" "
"""40% of Americans know someone who has been killed by a gun."" "
"""Taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of Air Force One on the campaign trail"" by President Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton. "
"The Orlando shooter used ""a weapon of war."" "
"""The average time someone used to hold a share of stock back in the ’60s was eight years. Now, the average time is four months.""  "
"Donald Trump's position is ""to roll back all"" of the financial regulations passed after the financial crisis. "
"Hillary Clinton ""was literally present when we pressed the reset button with Russia just a few months after Russia had invaded Georgia."" "
"Proposed NC law for body camera footage gives police ""broad authority to keep video footage secret – even from individuals who are filmed."" "
"""Cincinnati is already one of the biggest cities in the country to run 100 percent on clean energy."" "
"Donald Trump’s proposed tax treatment of hedge fund managers ""makes the current loophole even worse."" "
"""If you're a terrorist you can't fly,"" but ""an assault weapon you can buy."" "
"Donald Trump ""spent the least amount of money of any of the competitive primary contenders that he beat so badly."" "
"""When he served as governor, Schwarzenegger preserved more land than any other gubernatorial administration in California’s history."" "
"Kelly Ayotte ""stands with the Washington gun lobby. They fund her campaigns."" "
"""DUI arrests dropped significantly in Tampa once Uber began operating here."" "
"Gov. Doug Ducey wants to use ""taxpayer dollars to increase the salaries of private prison guards.""     "
"""If you are a member of  union, your median weekly income is roughly $200 more than if you are a nonunion member, and that doesn’t include benefits."" "
"""As Bernie Sanders said, Hillary Clinton ‘voted for virtually every trade agreement that has cost the workers of this country millions, millions of jobs.’ "" "
"The House Zika bill ""limits access to birth control services needed to help curb the spread of the virus"" in Puerto Rico.   "
"After Britain’s vote to leave the European Union, ""within 24 hours, Americans lost $100 billion from our 401(k)s."" "
"Donald Trump ""literally has no plans to make higher education more affordable."" "
"""Risk analysts listed Donald Trump, a Donald Trump presidency, as one of the top threats facing the global economy, ahead of terrorism."" "
"""Despite the rhetoric from Democrat politicians, more people are employed this year than at any point in the history of Wisconsin."" "
"""The major immigration issue was about Poles, and Bulgarians, and Romanians,"" and that they weren’t contributing economically. ""The unemployment rate among Poles in Britain is lower than the unemployment rate among Brits."" "
"British voters ""under 50, especially millennials, overwhelmingly voted to stay,"" in the European Union. ""It was older voters who voted to leave."" "
"The National Park Service has ""an annual budget that is less than the city of Austin."" "
"Mark Zandi, who wrote a report criticizing Donald Trump’s economic proposals, is ""one of Sen. John McCain's former economic advisers."" "
"Says Donald Trump called pregnant employees ""an inconvenience."" "
"""For every extra year that a girl stays in secondary school, her chance of getting infected with HIV/AIDS decreases by half.""   "
"""People have a constitutional right to have semiautomatic rifles.""   "
"As a result of Roe vs. Wade, ""America’s maternal mortality rate dropped dramatically."" "
"Ron Johnson referred to ""The Lego Movie"" as an ""insidious anti-business conspiracy."" "
"""The LGBT community is more often the victims of hate crimes than any other recognized group."" "
"""Al-Qaida operatives, have said, 'Hey, we want you to use this loophole (for purchasing guns despite being on a watch list) to attack and kill Americans.'"" "
"""As governor, in the face of partisan attacks, (Charlie Crist) had the courage to save jobs and lead his state into economic recovery."" "
"""If Question 1 were to pass here in Nevada, we would have more restrictive gun laws here in Nevada dealing with the transfer of firearms than they do in California."" "
"""Michael Bennet votes for President Obama's agenda 98 percent of the time. Hardly independent, hardly bipartisan.""   "
"Hillary Clinton ""said she was under attack (in Bosnia) but the attack turned out to be young girls handing her flowers."" "
"Russ Feingold’s ""campaign is powered by small-dollar contributions like ours."" "
"Kelly Ayotte ""voted again yesterday against a proposal to expand background checks -- (buyers) can continue to simply go online or to gun shows to purchase guns without background checks."" "
"Donald Trump has ""bankrupted his companies not once, not twice but four times."" "
"""A gay man who survived #orlando hate crime can STILL show up to work in FL tomorrow and have his boss fire him simply because he is gay."" "
"""We’re the only advanced democracy in the world that makes it harder for people to vote."" "
"Donald Trump has said he loves war, ""including with nukes."" "
"""Swaziland has the highest rate of HIV infection in the world.""   "
"""@realDonaldTrump is coming to San Antonio, which is 60% Mexican-AMERICAN."" "
"""Of all the people in federal prison for possession of illegal substances, 77 percent of them are not citizens of the United States."" "
"The average student debt ""coming out of the University of Wisconsin-Madison is something like 28,000 dollars."" "
"There are ""500 failing schools in North Carolina"" "
"""We've seen more manufacturing jobs created since I've been president than anytime since the 1990s. That's a fact."" "
"""According to Pew Research, 99 percent of the people in Afghanistan support oppressive Sharia law."" "
"Obama ""called Kagan a moderate. He called Sotomayor a moderate."" "
"Last year, ""244 suspected terrorists walked into gun shops and attempted to purchase a firearm; 223 were able to get the firearm."" "
"""In America, radical speech is not a crime.""   "
"""Nine million people have lower-cost HIV/AIDS medicine because of the work of the Clinton Foundation and my husband.""   "
"if you try to hide marijuana in a hemp field, ""it becomes worthless. The THC goes away."" "
"""More than 32,000 Americans lose their lives to gun violence each year.""   "
"""Only half of the murders in the city of St. Louis get solved."" "
"""There are tens of thousands of homes right here in California where you turn on the faucet but you can't drink the water."" "
"""Hate crimes against American Muslims and mosques have tripled after Paris and San Bernardino."" "
"Hillary Clinton ""plans to massively increase admissions (of Middle East refugees) … including a 500 percent increase in Syrian refugees coming into our country."" "
"""Florida doesn't regulate assault weapons or .50 caliber rifles or large-capacity ammunition magazines. It doesn't require a permit to purchase a gun. It doesn't require any registration, whatsoever."" "
"""We admit more than 100,000 lifetime migrants from the Middle East each year."" "
"Donald Trump mocked ""someone with a disability."" "
"""The labor force participation rate -- the share of the potential workforce that is actually working or looking for work-- currently stands below 63%, the lowest level since the 1970s."" "
"""30,000 Arizonans may have no choice"" on Affordable Care Act coverage. "
"""Obama has more czars than the Romanovs."""
"Ron Johnson voted to turn Medicare ""into a voucher program."" "
"he ""helped to draft parts of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform bill.""   "
"Since 1978, college ""tuition nationwide has gone up something like four times the rate of inflation."" "
"it's not true that Florida black bears are an ""apex predator."" "
Polls show Bernie Sanders would do better than Hillary Clinton in a head-to-head battle against Donald Trump. 
"""Our population has grown from about 1 million in the 1970s to almost 7 million today."" "
"""Under (Obamacare), you can’t reward a person for better behavior. You can’t have incentives to be healthier."" "
"""It is a fact that the economy does better when we have a Democrat in the White House."" "
"""A trade war is something very different (than curbing new trade agreements). We went down that road in the 1930s. It made the Great Depression longer and more painful."" "
"Donald Trump said the U.S. should ""encourage"" Japan to get nuclear weapons. "
"""I've cut the budget of the (lieutenant governor’s) office by more than half.""   "
"""When a bill is sent to the governor’s office, there is no option for changing it. You sign it or you don’t sign it. While there was lots of conversation, there was really no opportunity for any sort of amending."" "
"The 2015 Legislature ""passed the fewest laws in 20 years."" "
"Donald Trump ""has the gall to say that prisoners of war like John McCain aren’t heroes."" "
"Donald Trump ""says he has foreign policy experience because he ran the Miss Universe pageant in Russia."" "
he never told anyone he hated the U.S. Senate. 
"""Donald Trump says climate change is a hoax invented by the Chinese."" "
"""The Chicago Bears have had more starting quarterbacks in the last 10 years than the total number of tenured (UW) faculty fired during the last two decades."" "
"The University of Wisconsin System had a ""jobs-for-life tenure program"" for professors. "
"Florida has ""issued more than 3 million conceal carry permits in the past 30 years. Only 168 have been revoked.""   "
"""The vast majority of minimum wage workers get a raise within a year."" "
"Say video ""shows massive alligator strolling across Florida golf course."" "
"""We're losing thousands of (veterans) waiting on line"" because they can't get speedy health care from the Veterans Administration.   "
"""Today, it is more difficult to enlist in the U.S. military than it is to enroll in college.""   "
"""While Rob Portman relies on his super PAC and a handful of billionaires to do his dirty work, we don’t have a super PAC, and quite frankly, we don’t want one that spends millions to spew out lies and distortions."" "
"""More people today are leaving Virginia than moving in."" "
"California has ""the same water infrastructure from when we were 16 million people.""   "
"""I believe we should have tax on carbon and deal aggressively with climate change. That is not (Hillary Clinton's) position."" "
"""Right now, in every major poll, national poll and statewide poll done in the last month, six weeks, we are defeating Trump, often by big numbers and always at a larger margin than Secretary Clinton is."" "
"Says Maggie Hassan was ""out of state on 30 days over the last three months.""   "
"""Hypocrisy at the Clinton Foundation: Top male staff made on average $218,029 while top female staff made $153,014 from 2010-2014."" "
"""During the (housing) crisis, Catherine Cortez Masto gave a sweetheart contract worth millions to a D.C. law firm that then donated thousands to her political campaigns."" "
"Only 50 percent of students from Milwaukee public high schools ""go on to a two-or four-year college."" "
"""The Nordic countries are some of the few countries"" that meet development aid goals.   "
"""I'm also the only lieutenant governor to not take a security detail.""   "
"""In 2006, Donald Trump was hoping for a real estate crash."" "
"""Vietnamese is the third most commonly spoken language in Texas."" "
"Will Hurd ""cosponsored a bill that would militarize our border and allow 200 miles of new roads to be built in the Big Bend region -- cutting up our beloved park."" "
"Old City in Philadelphia ""used to have more than a dozen clubs and that's what we were known for and now we’re down to two."" "
"""The University of Wisconsin System budget is the biggest it has ever been.""   "
"Sen. John McCain ""told dreamers that he’ll support the Dream Act, then he voted against it.""   "
"North Carolina Rep. Renee Ellmers was the only Republican to vote against ""an amendment to prioritize the deportation of sexual criminals who are illegal immigrants."" "
"""When adjusted for inflation, (Texas) per-student spending has remained relatively flat over the past 16 years. Despite that trend, Texas schools in 2017 will receive $381 less per student than they did in 2003."" "
"Ohio is ""probably top five in the country, sadly, in terms of heroin overdoses. It’s now exceeded car accidents as the No. 1 cause of death in Ohio.""   "
"Says Virginia Republican ""Scott Taylor has been convicted in at least four different courts across the country, at times failing to even appear, and having a warrant issued for his arrest."" "
"""The geography of poverty has changed fundamentally in the last 15 years,"" with more of it concentrated in fragile and conflict states. "
"""One in three American women will have had an abortion by the time she reaches the age of 45."" "
"""When I was secretary of state, I had a very high approval rating."" "
"""You can import as many hemp products into this country as you want...but we can’t grow it.""   "
"""We now do have evidence"" that Donald Trump is being used as a recruiting tool for terrorists. "
"""We just had the best year for the auto industry in America in history."" "
"Before 2005, ""the percentage of"" Texas high school ""students meeting the college readiness standards of the Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board stood at 28% in English and 42% in math. Those figures stood at 65% and 66% in 2013."" "
"Under Donald Trump's tax plan, ""the top 0.1 percent of taxpayers -- people earning multiple millions of dollars a year, on average --  would get more tax relief than the bottom 60 percent of taxpayers combined."" "
"""Amendment 2 will put almost 2,000 pot shops in Florida ... more pot shops than Walmart and Walgreens combined."" "
"Zika mosquitoes ""can’t catch me."" "
"Trade deals are negotiated in ""secret"" and, unlike corporate interests, politicians never invite ""the leaders of the AFL-CIO or steelworkers or the mine workers to come in and sit down in these meetings."" "
"""Puerto Rico’s $70 billion debt is unsustainable and it is unpayable. And the reason why it is unsustainable has everything to do with the greed of Wall Street vulture funds."" "
"Since 2009, ""after-tax incomes are up nearly 14 percent."" "
"""Closing our state’s wage gap would make a $9 billion difference to Missouri women."" "
"""Every Republican nominee since Richard Nixon, who at one time was under an audit, has released their tax returns."" "
"""There are more than twice as many (crisis pregnancy centers) as there are legitimate abortion providers in the United States."" "
"""The Chinese last year probably stole $360 billion in intellectual property from the United States."" "
"""By the time you drink your coffee, an elephant is killed for its ivory tusks."" "
"""Almost 100,000 people left Puerto Rico last year."" "
"Patrick Murphy is one of ""only three Democrats in the House today who voted"" to create the Benghazi committee. "
"""The United States has a low voter turnout rate."" "
"Katie McGinty ""actually agrees with Hillary Clinton and the most liberal wing of the Democrats on everything."" "
"Half of illegal immigrants ""come on legal visas and then overstay."" "
"80 percent of North Carolinians support ""the concept that men should not be in women’s restrooms, changing rooms, bathrooms, etc."" "
"""Big rooftop solar's plan forces Nevada families who don’t have solar panels to pay higher power bills to subsidize rooftop solar."" "
"""Austin is number one in Texas in startups, venture capital and patents."" "
"Water rates in Manila, Philippines, ""were raised up to 845 percent"" when a subsidiary of the World Bank became a partial owner.   "
"University of Texas undergraduate student debt ""is less than $21,000… probably one of the lowest debts across the nation."" "
"""For the first time in over 40 years, Republicans don’t hold a single statewide office"" in Virginia. "
"If you don't buy cigarettes at your local supermarket, your grocery bill won't go up a dime. The same is true of the sugary drink tax. If passed, you can avoid paying the tax by not buying sugary drinks. "
"The city of Clarkston ""can’t decriminalize marijuana. Only state legislators and Congress can do that.""  "
"""The Brady Campaign has given me a 100 percent, not 99, 100 percent rating."" "
"""The market is making this decision. The market has driven down the cost of coal, so you have companies going bankrupt."" "
"$15-an-hour proposal in Cleveland is ""the most aggressive minimum wage increase in the country.""   "
"Twenty million Americans are ""out of work."" "
"Before April 22, ""we have restored the rights of more than 18,000 individuals, which is more than the past seven governors combined in their four-year terms."" "
"""There’s no data that says a gun-free zone has saved lives.""   "
"Donald Trump ""brings in hundreds of foreign workers to replace Americans.""   "
"""Closing the tobacco loophole would save Missouri taxpayers $50,000,000"" "
"Paul Ryan backs a proposal that would be a ""bailout"" of Puerto Rico.   "
"""California has added twice as many jobs as Florida"" over the past year.   "
"Donald Trump promised to repeal Obamacare, build a wall, ban Muslims, and more. "
"Cervical cancer in Africa is ""fully preventable with basic education, screening and vaccines."" "
"""The overwhelming amount of the money that we're raising is not going to Hillary (Clinton) to run for president. ... It's going to the congressmen and senators to try to take back Congress.""   "
ColoradoCare would have higher revenues than McDonald’s. 
"""This is not a joke: the president wants to house illegal aliens on our nation’s military installations."" "
"he ""started"" the Pacur plastics manufacturing company he owns.   "
"Danny Tarkanian is ""NRA ‘F’ Rated."" "
"""There's only three countries in the entire world where there's no paid vacation by law, we happen to be one of them."" "
"""Here in California, Donald Trump has given $12,000 to Jerry Brown, Gavin Newsom and Kamala Harris.""   "
"Winning enough pledged delegates is ""not impossible."" "
"China is ""going to have twice the number of submarines we have in just over a decade."" "
"Missouri ""is the state with the lowest paid workers."" "
"""After my first year as governor, I was one of the most unpopular governors, maybe the most unpopular governor in the country. ... It changed.""   "
"""In two years, Gov. McAuliffe has vetoed more bills that the previous three governors issued in each of their four-year terms."" "
"Donald Trump’s ""only economic agenda is imposing massive taxes on the American people with a 40 percent tax hike of a giant tariff."" "
"""Bernie Sanders voted with Republicans to protect the Minutemen, a hate group that used military tactics against our community."" "
"North Carolina has ""one of the fastest growing populations as well as the fastest growing economy in the country."" "
"""You can absolutely get a gun if you have several felonies as long as you buy it on the Internet or at a gun show."" "
"""Kelly Ayotte has voted four times against the federal Paycheck Fairness Act."" "
"Kelly Ayotte ""has voted to defund Planned Parenthood"" six times. "
"Ann Kirkpatrick ""votes with her party nearly 90 percent of the time."" "
"""Research even shows that sending more girls to school can boost an entire country’s GDP.""   "
"In the 2014 election, ""80 percent of poor people did not vote."" "
"""Pat Toomey advocated for eliminating all corporate taxes."" "
"""I'm self-funding my own campaign."" "
"""80 percent of North Carolinians are for the living wage"" "
"an array of statistics show that conditions in some parts of Baltimore rival that of ""the West Bank in Palestine,"" ""North Korea,"" and ""distressed cities in Nigeria, India, China and South Africa."" "
"""When President Obama landed in Cuba on Air Force One, no leader was there, nobody, to greet him -- perhaps an incident without precedent in the long and prestigious history of Air Force One."" "
"LeBron James ""stops paying his Social Security taxes at the beginning of the second quarter of the first game of the season."" "
"""We knew Strom Thurmond had proposed"" the amendment that blocked Puerto Rico’s use of Chapter 9 bankruptcy protection. "
"""Hillary Clinton has promised to raise taxes by $1 trillion dollars."" "
"he ""was the only Republican"" to vote against creating a House panel to investigate Planned Parenthood. "
"The Paris Agreement ""is by far the largest number of countries ever to sign an international agreement on a single day."" "
"Sherwin-Williams is ""making lead paint and poisoning people around the world.""   "
"""I earned more votes in the state of Wisconsin than Donald Trump did in New York."" "
"""Over the past two years, Florida has cut more than $1 billion in taxes."" "
"""A tax on soda and juice drinks would disproportionately increase taxes on low-income families in Philadelphia."" "
"""In Africa, a child dies every minute because of (malaria)."" "
"""As a former federal prosecutor, I prosecuted over 4,000 cases."" "
"""Before taking executive action on immigration, President Obama stated 22 times that he does not have the authority to change immigration laws on his own.""   "
"""We know that Saudi Arabia started al-Qaida."" "
"Ted Cruz ""wanted to let in more Syrian refugees and give amnesty to illegal immigrants.""   "
"""Texas has 600,000 registered voters who don’t have the kind of photo ID needed to vote."" "
"Nevada state Sen. Michael Roberson ""forced Common Core for Nevada schools."" "
"""In last week’s debate, Bernie questioned Hillary’s commitment to fighting climate change because a whopping 0.2 percent of the money given to our campaign has come from employees of oil and gas companies. Not even 2 percent, mind you: 0.2 percent."" "
"""Pennsylvania has lost 35 percent of its manufacturing jobs since 2001"" and ""Harrisburg has lost 40 percent of its manufacturing jobs since 2001.""   "
"""Studies have consistently failed to establish the existence of a link between the harshness of a country’s drug laws and its levels of drug use."" "
"""Under the federal Controlled Substance Act, marijuana is listed in the same Schedule I as heroin,"" even though ""marijuana is not a killer drug like heroin.""   "
"""Andrew Jackson was the last president who actually balanced the federal budget, where we had no national debt."" "
"""When I withdrew in June of 2008, polls were showing that at least 40 percent of my supporters said, oh, they weren't going to support Sen. Obama."" "
"""In 2009 … Hillary Clinton was at the State Department working with U.S. corporations to pressure Haiti not to raise the minimum wage to 61 cents an hour from 24 cents."" "
"""Ted Cruz is mathematically out of winning the race."" "
"Wisconsin pays criminal defense lawyers who represent the indigent $40 per hour, ""the lowest in the country.""   "
"Republican presidential candidate and Gov. John Kasich has spent 177 days out of state and used $350,000 in taxpayer money on his ""costly campaign."" "
"""We spend about 75 percent of the entire cost of the military aspect of NATO."" "
"""90 percent of fires in Arizona are human-caused."" "
"""Tax dodging costs developing countries $200 billion every year.""   "
"""You’re in more trouble if you leave your pet in the car than if you leave your child in the car.""   "
"New Hampshire’s second congressional district includes two counties where ""almost 5 percent if not more"" of residents are enrolled in the state’s expanded Medicaid program. "
"Austin’s Stop Abuse for Everyone has seen in its offices ""sexual assault survivors that report being attacked by their ridesharing drivers, at a rate of one per month."" "
"About ""1 percent of all the gun sellers are responsible for more than half of the guns that are used in crimes."" "
"Ten times, no Republican candidate for president had enough delegates to claim the nomination before the party’s convention, and seven of those times ""somebody who was not the leader of delegates was selected as the nominee of the party."" "
"In nine Democratic debates, ""We've not had one question about a woman's right to make her own decisions about reproductive health care, not one question.""   "
"""When this campaign began, I said that we’ve got to end the starvation minimum wage of $7.25, raise it to $15. Secretary Clinton said let's raise it to $12."" "
"""I remain one of the poorer members of the United States Senate."" "
"""We have tougher standards holding toy gun manufacturers and sellers to account than we do for real guns."" "
"""There are 31 other states and 10,000 other cities that have the same type of policies that we just passed,"" referring to North Carolina’s House Bill 2. "
"Hillary Clinton supported and continues to ""support fracking."" "
"If the mayor were really serious about supporting Philly's schoolchildren and handling our city's looming fiscal crisis, he could begin by slashing the size of his own administration, which is already 45 percent larger than his predecessor's and 40 percent more costly. "
"In every ethics case that has resulted in a formal sanction, ""there's been an investigative subcommittee that's been established first."" "
"""The state that has the highest per capita number of … guns that end up committing crimes in New York come from Vermont."" "
"""Right now, here in Texas, wind power is already cheaper than dirty fossil fuels."" "
"a company that got tax breaks from the state later ""laid off 100 Ohioans, even as its CEO cut a half-million-dollar check to Kasich’s super PAC.""   "
"""In Malaysia … many of the workers are indentured servants because their passports are taken away when they come into this country and are working in slave-like conditions."" "
"the Congressional Budget Office ""is expecting a protracted economic malaise for at least the next decade under current policies."" "
"""Team Trump has accused Ted Cruz of fraud"" in Iowa, Texas, Colorado, Oklahoma, Louisiana, Kansas, Maine, Utah and Wisconsin."" "
"""The largest U.S. companies would owe $620 billion in U.S. taxes on the cash they store in tax havens."" "
"States with ""the highest gun ownership rates also have the highest suicide rates."" "
"Hillary Clinton voted ""for virtually every trade agreement that has cost the workers of this country millions of jobs."" "
"Polls show ""Hillary Clinton wins every time with Donald Trump"" as her opponent. "
80 journalists have been killed in Mexico in the last decade. 
"Bernie Sanders ""wants higher standards for toy guns than real guns."" "
"Mexico receives ""approximately $24 billion a year in remittances from Mexican nationals working in the United States. The majority of that amount comes from illegal aliens."" "
"""There are no rules governing"" the 2016 Republican convention, ""the rules have not been set.""   "
"A study ""from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Harvard, and Dartmouth concluded that Medicaid’s value to its beneficiaries is significantly lower than the actual cost of the program."" "
"""Attorney General Roy Cooper refuses to do his job"" by not defending House Bill 2 in a lawsuit. "
"""More people are struck by lightning than commit in-person voter fraud"" by impersonation. "
"""The economy always does better when there’s a Democrat in the White House."" "
"Rick Scott ""stripped women of access to public health care."" "
"Rick Scott ""cut Medicaid"" so people can't ""get Obamacare."" "
"""We got a million jobs."" "
"""A college loan is the only loan in the United States that you cannot refinance when interest rates go down."" "
"""I have 2 and a half million more votes than he (Sanders) does."" "
"Erv Nelson voted ""yes on the pro-amnesty SJR 21, a bill urging Congress to provide citizenship for those residing illegally in our country."" "
"The ""rate of uninsured Americans (is) 8.8 percent."" "
"""Most funding for tuberculosis research (is) provided by the U.S. National Institutes for Health.""   "
"Bernie Sanders ""fundamentally changed the lives"" of Immokalee farm workers in Florida for the better.   "
"""Recent reports state that the U.S. Customs and Border Protection has apprehended several members of known Islamist terrorist organizations crossing the southern border in recent years."" "
"China is ""in the South China Sea and (building) a military fortress the likes of which perhaps the world has not seen."" "
"""We’ve rebuilt China."" "
"""Over 97 percent of the scientific community … believe that humans are contributing to climate change."" "
"""Twenty-seven out-of-state pharmaceutical companies have raised more campaign dollars (against a drug price control measure) than all other state ballot measures have raised to date, combined."" "
"""I have now put out all of my emails."" "
"""There have not been any public safety issues"" in cities that allow transgender people to use the bathroom of the gender they identify as. "
"Expanding the sale of full-strength beer and wine to grocery stores is ""good for everybody.""   "
"""Youth unemployment in minority communities is about 40 to 45 percent."" "
"Despite the passage of HB2, ""towns, cities and counties in North Carolina are still allowed to set stricter non-discrimination policies for their own employees if they choose."" "
"the GOP is ""helping pay for"" Justice Rebecca Bradley's campaign and ""she recently skipped court to attend an event paid for"" by Scott Walker's ""lobbyist friends.""   "
"""The barber regulation here in Missouri is 10,000 words long….the book of Revelation is (also) 10,000 words long."" "
"""After taking hundreds of thousands of dollars from Goldman Sachs and other Wall Street banks, (Debbie Wasserman Schultz) has voted to prevent the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau from regulating payday loans and addressing racial discrimination in car loans.""     "
"When it comes to fighting terrorism, ""Another thing we know that does not work, based on lots of empirical evidence, is torture."" "
"""Big soda has a lot of money. They make a lot of profit off their product and they market in neighborhoods that suffer from these very things that we’re trying to cure."" "
"JoAnne Kloppenburg ""has told us she thinks it's her job to promote a more equal society."" "
"""It’s actually easier for the United States to get flight manifests from E.U. nations than it is for E.U. nations to get them from their own neighbors, thanks to an agreement the U.S. negotiated when I was secretary of state."" "
"""Austin’s the fastest-growing city in the country the last five years."" "
"""Since 1900, six (U.S. Supreme Court) justices have been confirmed during election years, including Justice Anthony Kennedy, who was confirmed in the final year of the Reagan Administration."" "
"""Will (HB2) threaten federal funding for public schools under Title IX? No, according to a federal court which has looked at a similar issue."" "
"""During three and a half years of campaigning,"" Lamar Smith ""has never once appeared at a moderated debate to defend his positions on the issues.""   "
"Stephen Zappala is ""the only DA in our state to convict an on-duty police officer of criminal homicide."" "
"Congress will begin its recess ""without having allocated one penny"" to fight Zika. "
"""Virginia now is the number one exporter of (agricultural) products to Cuba. We have now jumped to number one."" "
"""Bernie Sanders passed more roll call amendments in a Republican Congress than any other member."" "
"""The Trans-Pacific trade deal could cost America 448,000 more jobs.""   "
"""80 percent of the American people haven’t gotten a pay raise since the crash."" "
"""To this day, (the Cuban government) is a regime that provides safe harbor to terrorists and fugitives."" "
"(Since 1990) ""every continent has seen substantial gains, with individual incomes growing by more than a third in every region of the developing world."" "
"Texas ""had the highest level of turnout than ever before in the primary."" "
"Mitt Romney did not ""endorse"" Ted Cruz, even though he said he is voting for Cruz and urged others to do likewise.   "
"""Today, the United States has, sadly, one of the lowest voter turnouts of any major country on earth."" "
"""Over the last 30 years, extreme poverty has been cut in half."" "
"""Texas has a higher incarceration rate than Russia or Iran."" "
"""During the last five years, Iran has perpetrated terror attacks in 25 different countries on five continents."" "
"Superdelegates ""have never been a determining factor in who our nominee is since they've been in place since 1984.""   "
"""More people were killed by terrorists in 2015 than in any other year ever, after an 80 percent increase from 2014."" "
"""70 percent of Americans believe that we are on the wrong path."" "
"""According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), about 120 Americans on average die from a drug overdose every day. Overall, drug overdose deaths now outnumber deaths from firearms."" "
"""North Carolina spends $855 less per student than it did before the Great Recession, and we have one of the lowest per pupil spending levels in the nation."" "
"""Requiring photo ID would keep about 200,000 Missourians from voting."" "
"Senate Democrats ""have never held up a Supreme Court nomination."" "
"Donald ""Trump got, you know, $1.8 billion worth of free media. I got, like, none."" "
"""We do not have an overcrowding problem. As a matter of fact, Rhode Island has one of the lowest incarceration rates in the country.""   "
"""For more than 80 years, there has not been a nomination and confirmation of a Supreme Court Justice in a presidential election year. This is simply not the time to break with decades of bipartisan practice."" "
"""Given the results of the primary, the vote of one New Hampshire superdelegate is equal to the votes of about 10,000 grassroots activists."" "
"""Here in Pennsylvania, the annual cost for infant childcare is over $10,000 per child, which is more than most families pay in rent and almost the same cost as in-state college tuition."" "
"""Six justices"" on the U.S. Supreme Court have been ""confirmed in presidential election years since 1912.""   "
"""Arizona schools rank 45th in the nation, dead last in funding per student."" "
"As a sign of ""extraordinary progress,"" ""there are half as many (primary-age) children out of school today as there were 15 years ago."" "
"""We were able to provide $428 million worth of property tax relief."" "
"""Republicans control the U.S. Senate with 54 seats, but those 54 senators were elected by only two-thirds the number of voters who elected the Democrats. In the Senate, the majority party represents a minority of the people."" "
"Illegal ""immigration is lower than it’s been in 40 years."" "
"""Six justices"" on the U.S. Supreme Court have been ""confirmed in presidential election years since 1912.""   "
"""More than once, I've actually had a conversation with the protesters on substance."" "
"when Bernie Sanders was in college, Sanders said ""something very similar"" to what conservative Wisconsin Supreme Court Justice Rebecca Bradley had written as a college student in the 1990s -- that ""women have a legitimate role in date rape."" "
"a YouTube video shows Thomas DiMassimo, the man who rushed Trump at an Ohio rally, ""dragging the American flag on the ground like it was a piece of garbage.""     "
"California ""cut about $1.3 billion in child care (during the recession). We’ve only reinvested about $300 million."" "
"""Gun violence is by far the leading cause of death for young African American men, outstripping the next nine causes of death combined."" "
"""More lives are lost from violence against women, sex-selective abortion, female infanticide, suicide, egregious maternal mortality, and other sex-linked causes than were lost during all of the wars and civil strife of the 20th century."" "
"""Roy Cooper won't say how he will pay for ‘free’ college tuition."" "
"The U.S. ""doesn’t make television sets anymore.""   "
The rate of U.S. female homicide victims outnumbers 24 other developed countries by more than 2½ to 1. 
"Susie Lee and her husband ""own 17 homes across the country and use their private jet to take vacations,"" and invest in ""companies like Walmart, Halliburton and GEO Group."" "
"""One would have to go back more than a century to find a scenario where a president’s nominee for the Supreme Court was confirmed by the opposition party in the Senate when the vacancy occurred during an election year.""   "
"""We understand that this heroin is primarily coming from Mexico, over the border.""   "
"""Seventy percent of Missourians support voter photo ID legislation."" "
"""The Walton family of Walmart ... This one family owns more wealth than the bottom 40 percent of the American people."" "
"""Americans haven’t had a raise in 15 years."" "
"Ted Cruz’s wife Heidi ""will be the very first pro-life first lady.""   "
"Barack Obama ""has the legal authority to let in really however many refugees he wants, from whatever country."" "
"""Republican Bob Donovan"" has ""run as a Republican time and again.""   "
"Foreign aid ""is less than 1 percent of our federal budget.""   "
"""I opposed TPP (Trans-Pacific Partnership) and have always opposed TPP.""   "
"Donald Trump ""has said he wants to be neutral on Israel and the Palestinians""   "
"In 2006, Bernie Sanders ""voted in the House with hard-line Republicans for indefinite detention for undocumented immigrants, and then he sided with those Republicans to stand with vigilantes known as Minutemen who were taking up outposts along the border to hunt down immigrants."" "
"""When the City and the Fairmount Park Conservancy invested $5 million in Hunting Park, crime went down 89 percent within a half mile radius of the park over the next three years."" "
"""If you look at Latino kids between 17 and 20 who graduated high school, 36 percent of them are unemployed or underemployed. … African-American kids are unemployed or underemployed to the tune of 51 percent."" "
"When Honduran children came into this country, ""Secretary Clinton said send them back."" "
"When New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer wanted to ""provide driver’s licenses to those who are undocumented. (Hillary Clinton) said don’t do it.""   "
"Banks paid Hillary Clinton ""over $1 million and are contributing millions more to elect her.""   "
"""When the auto industry was going under, car parts companies like"" Johnson Controls ""begged taxpayers for a bailout, and they got one.""   "
"""Twenty million Americans are out of work."" "
"""Over 32,000 people die from #GunViolence every year. Yet, (The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention) is banned from researching ways to prevent this."" "
"When John Kasich became governor of Ohio, ""there was an $8 billion budget deficit and now there’s a $2 billion surplus."" "
"""Almost every poll has shown that Sanders vs. Trump does a lot better than Clinton vs. Trump … and, that’s true nationally."" "
"Marco Rubio ""skipped 18 defense votes including one to arm the Kurds to fight ISIS.""   "
"Like Marco Rubio, Sen. Barack Obama had ""one of the worst attendance records in the Senate."" "
"""(Flint, Mich., is) paying three times more for poison water than I am paying in Burlington, Vt., for clean water."" "
"Obama ""hasn't been to Iraq in years."""
"""NASCAR endorsed Trump"" "
"Bernie Sanders ""was against the auto bailout"" and ""voted against the money that ended up saving the auto industry."" "
"""We have a higher rate of tested lead in people in Cleveland than in Flint."" "
"""President Obama took more money from Wall Street in the 2008 campaign than anybody ever had."" "
"""The Great Wall of China, built 2,000 years ago, is 13,000 miles (long)."" "
"""Every year there is a slightly smaller percentage of American households owning guns."" "
"""A single mother of two can’t qualify for basic healthcare through Medicaid if she makes more than $3,504 dollars a year."" "
"""There’s no correlation between primary turnout and wins in the fall in the last 11 elections."" "
"he ""tore down hundreds of abandoned homes that served as havens for crime and reduce(d) the value of our neighborhoods.""   "
"Donald Trump has written 10 checks to Hillary Clinton ""and four of those checks were not to her Senate campaign. … It was to her presidential campaign."" "
"Marco Rubio ""has the No. 1 absentee record in the United States"" Senate. "
"In head-to-head polls for the general election, ""I beat Hillary Clinton by more than anybody, by 11 points."" "
"""For every time the state gets paid a dollar in taxes (on gambling), somebody loses $6."" "
"""An economic impact study found that for every $1 invested in pre-K in Pennsylvania, a total of $1.79 is generated in total spending within the state.""     "
"""Since (welfare reform) was signed into law, the number of families living in extreme poverty has more than doubled."" "
"""There have been multiple media reports about (Donald Trump's) business dealings with the mob, with the mafia."" "
"""There is not a single candidate in the Republican primary that thinks we should do anything about climate change."" "
"Donald Trump has said ""he would be neutral between Israel and its enemies.""   "
"""Texas is home to millions of Latinas, but the state has never elected a Latina to Congress."" "
"""There is no evidence to support the claim that Guantanamo is used as a recruiting tool"" for terrorists. "
"The Chris Hani Baragwanath in South Africa is ""the world’s third-biggest hospital."" "
"he supported the 1994 crime bill because ""there is a ban on assault weapons in that bill."" "
"""Building a wall"" on the U.S.-Mexico border ""will take literally years."" "
"Hillary Clinton won ""health care for 8 million children."" "
"""There isn’t a single (Texas) legislator under the age of 30, even though millennials make up 25 percent of the electorate in Texas."" "
"""African-Americans are more likely to be arrested by police and sentenced to longer prison terms for doing the same thing that whites do."" "
"""Our community (Tampa Bay) is one of the 10 most threatened by the sea level rise in the world."" "
"Donald Trump hired illegal workers ""from Poland and he had to pay a million dollars or so in a judgment."" "
"""Malawi has just 300 doctors for 16 million people.""     "
"Donald Trump ""wants to keep big government in charge"" of federally-owned land. "
"""People (are) paying more in taxes than they will for food, housing and clothing combined.""   "
"""In Ohio, more than half the providers of safe and legal abortion have had to shut down"" since Gov. John Kasich took office in 2011. "
"""There is great disparity, tremendous disparity, in the (capital) funding on a per-student basis between our traditional public schools and our charter public schools."" "
"""Why are Muslim armies so useless against ISIS? ... There are 20,000 or 30,000 (ISIS fighters). The countries surrounding ISIS have armies totaling 5 million people."" "
"""It’s highly unusual to have a Supreme Court confirmation in a presidential election year. The last one was 1940."" "
"""About 70 percent of Republicans nationwide ... don't think Donald Trump is the right guy"" to take on Hillary Clinton in November. "
"Missouri families’ ""earning power is about $5,000 less today than it was at the turn of the century."" "
"The Arizona State Board of Education’s ""failure to report teachers whose certifications have been revoked or suspended ... resulted in the death of a student."" "
"In Sauk City, Wisconsin, ""the ID office"" that provides identification for voting ""is only open on the fifth Wednesday of every month"" -- a total of four days in 2016. "
"""In New Hampshire, I spent $3 million. Jeb Bush spent $44 million. He came in five, and I came in number one."" "
"""Two-thirds of our kids can’t read at grade level."" "
"""There's never been a (U.S. Supreme Court) vacancy in the last, I think, 30 years, lasting longer than 237 days."" "
"""Barack Obama will somehow manage to add more than $8 trillion to the national debt, which is more debt than the 43 presidents who held office before him compiled together."" "
"Dontre Hamilton, who was killed during a confrontation with a Milwaukee police officer, was ""unarmed."" "
"""People have actually broken down the transcripts for oral arguments and (Antonin Scalia) told more jokes and got more laughs than any of the other justices."" "
"""We are almost halfway to our goal of 1,000 rapes prosecuted!""   "
"""The richest 80 people in the world own more wealth than the bottom half of the global population."" "
"she will ""work to raise the federal minimum wage back to the highest level it’s ever been — $12 an hour in today’s dollars."" "
"Marco Rubio ""went on Univision, and in Spanish he promised that he would not on the first day in office rescind President Obama's illegal executive action.""   "
"Donald ""Trump supported impeachment of President (George W.) Bush.""   "
"North Korea’s missiles are ""not going to have a capability to reach the United States anytime real soon."" "
"""When Jeb (Bush) was governor, his first four years as governor, his Medicaid program grew twice as fast as mine."" "
"""It has been 80 years since a Supreme Court vacancy was nominated and confirmed in an election year. There is a long tradition that you don't do this in an election year."" "
"state Supreme Court candidate Joe Donald twice ""supported"" incumbent Justice Rebecca Bradley. "
"""Florida led the nation in job creation"" while Bush was governor. "
"""On average it takes 300 Americans working for a solid year to make as much money as one top CEO."" "
"The United States has ""the highest rate of childhood poverty of almost any major country on Earth.""   "
"Sen. Bernie Sanders has called President Barack Obama ""weak. He's called him a disappointment."" "
"""The African-American community lost half of their wealth as a result of the Wall Street collapse."" "
"""Americans haven’t had a raise in 15 years."" "
"""In America, we pay, by far, the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs."" "
"The Seminole gambling compact offers ""$3 billion in guaranteed revenue, the largest share for any state in history.""   "
"""We bailed out"" Johnson Controls when ""we saved the auto industry"" and ""now they want to avoid paying taxes."" "
"""My two appointments to the Florida Supreme Court, Raul Cantero and Kenneth Bell, have earned reputations as its most consistent conservatives."" "
President John F. Kennedy released a star Green Bay Packer from military reserve duty so that he could play in the 1961 NFL Championship Game.   
"""Making public colleges and universities tuition-free, that exists in countries all over the world, used to exist in the United States.""     "
"""People think AIDS is done -- it’s not done.""   "
"she ""is 6th in hard dollars raised and has more cash on hand than Governors (John) Kasich and (Chris) Christie combined."" "
"Says Ruben Kihuen ""only managed in the minority to get one bill passed out of the eight to 10 he introduced"" during the 2015 legislative session.   "
"In Virginia, ""people are going and getting marriage licenses who are 12 and 13, and 14 and 15 years old."" "
"""Ted Cruz defended a Chinese company that stole an invention from an American inventor."" "
"""There really isn’t any kind of foreign policy network that is supporting and advising Sen. Sanders."" "
"""Owen in MA vs. Owen in RI … Advantage:Rhode Island."" "
"Goldman Sachs CEO said Congress would ""have to cut Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid and give huge tax breaks to the wealthy and the large corporations."" "
"""I waited until (the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement) had actually been negotiated"" before deciding whether to endorse it. "
"Bernie Sanders advocated putting ""Iranian troops into Syria to try and resolve the conflict there. Putting them right on the doorstep of Israel.""   "
"Americans ""are working longer hours for low wages . . . and yet almost all new income and wealth is going to the top 1 percent."" "
"Arizona is spending ""less on a per-capita basis than every single state in this country in higher education."" "
"China is ""practicing how to blow up our satellites."" "
"""We've cut taxes 50 times and look what has happened to our revenues. They've grown."" "
"""90 percent of all pain medications are prescribed in the United States."" "
" ""I am the only candidate that has endorsed Bernie Sanders for President. In PA, I've got Bernie's back.""   "
"""I’ll be running against a career politician."" "
"""While our people work longer hours for lower wages, almost all new income goes to the top 1 percent."" "
"As part of legislative fights over abortion rights, ""Mike Coffman co-sponsored a bill to redefine rape."" "
"Ohio Gov. John Kasich had ""the worst rating on spending of any governor in the country, Republican or Democrat."" "
"When terrorists killed more than 250 Americans in Lebanon under Ronald Reagan, ""the Democrats didn’t make that a partisan issue."" "
"""It is rare that a retirement grade determination is conducted for an officer previously retired from the U.S. armed forces.""   "
"""Texas is growing twice as fast as the rest of the country."" "
"""Today Russia holds many of our most precious national security satellites at risk before they ever get off the ground."" "
"A Texas law requires every high school to have a voter registrar ""and part of their responsibility is to make sure that when children become 18 and become eligible to vote, that they vote."" "
"U.S. Sen. Ron Johnson wants to put 100,000 troops, including 25,000 Americans, ""into the area where ISIS is."" "
"""I have never supported cap and trade."" "
"When a Gallup poll asked about presidential candidate characteristics, ""When they get to the question on, 'Would you vote for a socialist,' it is even less popular than voting for atheists."" "
"Barack Obama's administration has admitted that money from its Iran nuclear deal ""would go directly to terrorism."" "
"Donald Trump’s decision to skip the Fox News/Google debate in Des Moines ""is near unprecedented."" "
"Under Ted Cruz’s tax plan, ""businesses will now have to pay 16 percent on the money they make. They will also have to pay 16 percent on the money they pay their employees."" "
his views on reparations for slavery are the same as Barack Obama's and Hillary Clinton's.  
"""Since John F. Kennedy was assassinated in 1963, more Americans have died by gunfire within our own country than American servicemen and women who were killed in all our wars."" "
"""Anyone can die of a toothache."" "
"""In 40 years of broadcast, I have never endorsed any candidate."" "
"""Fifty years ago, the average GM employee could pay for a year of a son or daughter’s college tuition on just two weeks wages."" "
"Cresent Hardy agreed with Mitt Romney ""about the 47 percent"" and said that ""people with disabilities are, and I quote him, ‘a drain on society.’ "" "
"""Two million new jobs have been created,"" in California since 2011.   "
"a Ted Cruz ad has ""got me bull-dozing down a house. I never bulldozed it down. It's false advertising."" "
"Donald Trump ""thinks that climate change is a hoax, invented by the Chinese."" "
"""In reality, gas produced by fracking is worse for the climate than coal.""   "
Texas has the sixth-highest property taxes in the nation. 
"""According to the most recent report, Wisconsin’s high school graduation rates are also up again -- to third best in the country.""   "
"""I have a D-minus voting record from the NRA."" "
"""Today, if you were raised poor, you’re just as likely to stay poor as you were 50 years ago."" "
"""One in every three women has an abortion during her lifetime."" "
"Says Bernie Sanders ""voted for what we call the 'Charleston Loophole.'"" "
"Says Bernie Sanders ""has reversed his position on immunity"" for gun manufacturers and sellers. "
"Hillary Clinton called Barack Obama ""naive"" for saying he was would ""sit down and talk to the Iranians"" during the 2008 Democratic primary.   "
"Boston is just 60 minutes away and it’s offering subsidies to developers who can charge higher rent than you can get in Providence while construction costs are more or less equal. As a result, the Boston skyline ""is completely dominated by the cranes.""   "
"Marco Rubio ""knows full well I voted for his amendment to increase military spending to $697 billion."" "
"President Barack Obama ""appointed Eric Holder as attorney general. Eric Holder said he viewed his mission as brainwashing the American people against guns."" "
"Hillary Clinton ""is under investigation with the FBI right now."" "
"""We have the lowest percentage of Americans working today of any year since 1977."" "
"""The United States of America, right now, has the strongest, most durable economy in the world."" "
"""For the first time ever, we completely funded the critical needs waiting list so persons with unique abilities can get the help they need."" "
"""As governor of Florida, I used a combination of strategies to help reduce heroin use among youth in Florida by approximately 50 percent."" "
"Every ""one of the mass shootings except two in America since 1950 have been"" in ""gun-free zones."" "
"""We spend more on our military than the next eight nations combined."" "
"We've ""lifted high school graduation rates to new highs."" "
"The economy is ""too weak to raise income levels."" "
"""Our businesses have created jobs every single month since (Obamacare) became law."" "
"We have cut ""our deficits by almost three-quarters."" "
"""We have completely turned our economy around."" "
"""Let’s start with the premise that Rhode Island already has one of the 10 strictest [gun laws] amongst all the states.""    "
"""Marco Rubio voted against authorizing President Obama to strike Syria after Assad used chemical weapons on his own people."" "
"""A violent felon can buy (a gun) over the Internet with no background check, no questions asked."" "
"Missouri needs a voter I.D. law because ""there’s over 16 people in the state of Missouri who have been convicted of some type of voter fraud."" "
"""More than 60 percent of people in America support Planned Parenthood and only 11 percent approve of Congress."" "
"Guantanamo has ""never been a key component of ISIS or al-Qaida propaganda."" "
"By the end of 2015, more than 1,300 people will have died on Georgia roads. One of out evey four fatalities resulted from drunken driving.   "
"""91% of suspected terrorists who attempted to buy guns in America walked away with the weapon they wanted."" "
"Forty percent of illegal immigrants are ""people coming legally on visas and overstaying their visas."" "
"""Here in Wisconsin, we've put in previous budgets more money into mental health services than any governor has in the last 25 years.""   "
"Bernie Sanders ""voted for regime change with respect to Libya.""  "
"""Only nine"" coalition nations with the U.S. ""are truly actively involved"" in fighting the Islamic State. "
"American polling shows Russian President Vladimir Putin has ""an 80 percent approval rating."" "
"The Affordable Care Act is ""making families pay double-digit premium increases."" "
"The United States spends ""almost three times per capita what they spend in the U.K."" on health care and ""50 percent more than they pay in France."" "
" ""Secretary Clinton changes her position on (gun issues) every election year, it seems, having one position in 2000 and then campaigning against President Obama and saying we don't need federal standards."" "
"the Security Against Foreign Enemies Act of 2015 would not ""pause"" the resettlement of Syrian refugees in the United States. "
"""If you are going to kill the families of terrorists, realize that there's something called the Geneva Convention we're going to have to pull out of."" "
"""Two months ago, Donald Trump said that ISIS was not our fight."" "
"""Since 2004, more than 2,000 suspected terrorists have legally purchased weapons in the United States."" "
"Regarding the USA Freedom Act, ""There is nothing we are allowed to do under this bill that we could not do before."" "
"""Recent news reports indicate DWI crashes in Austin dropped 23 percent since ridesharing entered the market."" "
"""The states have always defined marriage."" "
"""You can’t build a Christian church in Saudi Arabia.""   "
"""Three or four countries"" out of roughly 60 in the anti-ISIS coalition ""are providing military force."" "
"""On a single night in January 2015, state and local planning agencies in Rhode Island reported the following estimates of homelessness … 107 veterans were homeless.""   "
"""I have always opposed driver's licenses for illegal aliens."" "
"""Most of the black scientists in this country don't come from schools like the University of Texas. They come from lesser schools."" "
"Since 2008, Gwinnett County’s population has grown 15 percent, while the county government staff has increased only 1 percent. "
"""Up until recently, 75 percent of all the sorties that left the base came back without dropping their ordnances, because there was such a concern about making sure that there were no civilian casualties."" "
"The U.S. ""tax rate on successful small businesses is 44.6 percent,"" while the business tax rate in Canada is 15 percent. "
"In Texas, ""we've had three ISIS-related incidents already."" "
"""We lock up close to 2.4 million people in this country. We're locking up more people than China and Russia."" "
"""In France, they have a (surveillance) program a thousandfold more invasive"" than the United States. "
"""Instead of fighting ISIS, (the Saudis) have focused more on a campaign to oust Iran-backed Houthi rebels in Yemen."" "
"""Since 2008, we have cut 5,000 positions"" from Virginia public schools. "
"""In almost every other country in the world, artists and musicians are paid when their music is played on the radio. In fact, the only countries besides the U.S. who do not have a radio-performance right are China, Iran and North Korea."" "
"""There is a federal criminal law that says it's a crime to transport dentures across state lines."" "
"California has ""robust job growth that outpaces the rest of the nation.""   "
"The Charleston, S.C., shooter ""should have never been given a gun, but the universal background check was not fast enough."" "
"""You go down to Miami and when it's flooding at high tide on a sunny day, fish are swimming through the middle of the streets.""   "
"Despite attention on global warming, ""fewer Americans carpool today to work than carpooled in 1980"" and ""SUVs have never been a larger proportion of the vehicles being sold in this country."" "
"""California has more kids in poverty ... than virtually any other state."" "
"The Milwaukee County executive can sell the public ""museum, the airport and the zoo"" -- all on his own, without County Board approval   "
"""15 years ago, cancer drugs cost an average of $10,000 a year. Now it’s $10,000 a month."" "
"""Probably less than 4 percent"" of Wisconsin residents ""are enjoying the subsidies"" from Obamacare. "
The number of people in Atlanta dying from HIV and AIDS declined 59 percent between 2004 and 2012.   
"""It is already in the law that there is a requirement to screen (refugees) for religion."" "
"there are ""ample means"" to ""tell when someone is a Christian in the Middle East ... by name, by where they’re born, their birth certificates.""   "
"""Twenty-five percent of our kids in foster care are there because their parents are involved in drugs."" "
"""The world food demand is going to double sometime between now and 2070."" "
"President Barack Obama ""will not utter the words ‘radical Islamic terrorism’ and as matter of policy, nobody in the administration will say the words ‘radical Islamic terrorism.’"" "
"While the smoking rate nationally has fallen, more than 18 percent of Georgians still light up.   "
"Russ Feingold ""wanted to get money out of politics. Now he's profiting from that same dark money."" "
"""Ron Johnson said specifically that he hopes the first steps occur to privatize the"" Veterans Administration.   "
"In 2008, Maggie Hassan voted against legislation to ""prevent sanctuary cities in New Hampshire."" "
"""More black babies are aborted in NYC than born."" "
"For NATO exercises, ""we don’t have enough of our own hardware and equipment even for training purposes. So the Brits are spotting us choppers.""   "
"""Road congestion costs rush hour drivers in Austin and Dallas more than $1,000 a year. And in Houston, it’s even more -- almost $1,500 a year."" "
"""The actual (construction) contracts that we’ve awarded to date have come in several hundred million dollars below estimates."" "
"""29 mass shootings have been committed by concealed carriers since 2007, while during this period only one (1) licensed civilian meaningfully intervened in a mass shooting.""   "
"""The Libyan people have voted twice in free and fair elections for the kind of leadership they want."" "
"""I spent 18 months putting together the sanctions against Iran so that we could force them to the negotiating table."" "
"Since he took office as Milwaukee County executive, ""we have never raised"" bus fares and ""this year there’ll be a million route-miles more than there were five years ago."" "
"""It costs a hell of a lot more money to put somebody in jail than send them to the University of Virginia."" "
"""@Jorge_Elorza still think your plan is safe? Rescue Captain Kenyon just worked 96 hours straight. 96 hours.""   "
"The federal government is ""making the decision, whether we like it or not, to send 425 refugees to our state"" from Syria. "
"The New York Police Department used to have ""surveillance going on in and around mosques in New York City. ... Our mayor totally cut that out."" "
"Wisconsin’s 6th congressional ""district has more manufacturing jobs than almost any other"" in the nation. "
"David Vitter ""answered a prostitute’s call minutes after he skipped a vote honoring 28 soldiers who gave their lives in defense of our freedom."" "
"""Forty-five states allow open carry of firearms."" "
"""71% of WI’s roads are in poor or mediocre condition and 14% of WI’s bridges are structurally deficient or functionally obsolete."" "
"""The United States (is) the largest provider of humanitarian assistance to displaced persons and refugees."" "
"""Since we last debated in Las Vegas, nearly 3,000 people have been killed by guns."" "
"Hillary Clinton and the Democrats ""admitted there’s one candidate who scares Hillary Clinton, and that’s Sen. Marco Rubio."" "
"When President Barack Obama said ISIS, or ISIL, was contained, he ""was responding very specifically to the geographic expansion of ISIL in Iraq and Syria."" "
"""It takes almost a year for a refugee to be processed in the United States."" "
"The United States is ""the only major country on earth that doesn't guarantee health care to all people as a right, not a privilege."" "
income tax rates under Eisenhower were as high as 90 percent. 
"Will Hurd ""tends to have a 96 percent straight Republican, straight party voting record."" "
"""Net immigration from Mexico last year was zero. Fact-check me."" "
"500,000 U.S. troops came home from Iraq and Afghanistan ""with PTSD and traumatic brain injury."" "
"""Wages adjusted for inflation haven’t risen since the turn of the last century."" "
"The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has ""no congressional oversight."" "
"North Korea ""has over two-dozen nuclear warheads."" "
"""In a period of roughly 72 hours, a small group of angry black students managed to force the resignation of the two highest ranking officials at that school."" "
"""Women fill two-thirds of minimum wage jobs."" "
"""The stock market has almost tripled since April of 2009."" "
Georgia is one of the 10 most tax-friendly states for retirees.   
"Marco Rubio is proposing a new $1 trillion ""welfare program"" in tax credits and ""$1 trillion in new military spending.""   "
"""Over half of the black workers in this country earn less"" than $15 an hour. "
"""We already pay the highest electricity prices in the country here in New England.""   "
"President Dwight Eisenhower ""moved 1.5 million illegal immigrants out of this country."" "
"""There are more words in the IRS code than there are in the Bible."" "
" Income inequality ""seems to be worst in cities run by Democrats."" "
"""There’s only one of us who’s actually cut government spending -- not two, there’s one and you’re looking at him."" "
"the United States is in ""the worst recovery from an economic recession since World War II."" "
"Obamacare insurance cooperative failures ""should be expected"" because they're like any business, and ""when you start businesses in America, at the fifth year, half of the businesses have closed.""   "
"""When President Obama was running for re-election … Senator Sanders was trying to find someone to primary him."" "
"he balanced the Milwaukee County budget ""without raising taxes five years in a row."" "
"""Our state has no major rivers to produce big hydropower."" "
"""Marco Rubio spent $400K of your tax dollars remodeling offices, and building a members-only lounge."" "
"""Go look on the West Point website and you’ll see those specific words, ‘full scholarship to West Point.’ So even though it is, you know, given as a grant for anybody who gets in, those words are used.""   "
"that in polls about 2016 candidate leadership skills, he comes out ""two and three and four times higher than anybody else."" "
"""Most Americans are ready to put it [marijuana prohibition] behind us and move on.""     "
"""How many concerts would Taylor Swift have to perform to pay off one day of interest on our national debt? She would have to perform every day for three years."" "
"Texas legislation ""would allow… teachers to kill their students if they felt it was needed."" "
"Wisconsin’s Government Accountability Board ""ignored their duties and did not regularly audit"" voters to remove felons ""for a span of 16 elections. "
Georgia has the highest flu activity in the country. 
"""‘Dark money’ spending"" in the 2016 election cycle ""is 10 times what it was at the same point in the 2012 election cycle,"" when it topped $308 million. "
"""Iowa's Republican caucus stopped mattering years ago. It in no way determines the party nominee."" "
"""There was never a single shred of evidence presented to anyone"" that the attacks in Benghazi, Libya, were ""spontaneous, and in fact, the CIA themselves understood that early on.""   "
"Under his tax plan, ""the greatest gains, percentage-wise,"" will be ""at the lower end of our plan."" "
"""No city in the state, no state in this nation, for that matter the entire world, has adopted (clean energy) targets more ambitious in scale."" "
"""Smog was invented in Los Angeles. It was. The name was invented. There was a fellow at Caltech and he came up with the idea and they called it smog."" "
"Electric car sales in Georgia have dropped dramatically since a $5,000 tax credit was eliminated and a $200 annual registration fee was imposed July 1. "
"""If you look at the three people on the (debate) stage from the United States Senate, all three of them have a combined two bills that became law that they've sponsored.""   "
"""We have record numbers of people living in poverty."" "
"""There have been more than 300 mass shootings in the United States this year – more than any other country in the world.""    "
"""If you're born poor, you're more likely to stay poor than any time in American history."" "
"A Texas police department bought an ad telling drug dealers, ""We can take your competition off the streets for FREE.""   "
"Among manufacturers with fewer than 50 employees, ""the average cost in terms of regulations is $34,000 per employee.""   "
"My campaign ""finished the last quarter reporting the most cash on hand of any Republican in the field … $13.8 million in the bank, $3.5 million more than the Jeb Bush campaign."" "
"In 2008, then-Sen. Barack Obama ""missed 60 or 70 percent of his votes."" In 2004, John Kerry missed ""close to 60 to 70 percent"" and Bob Graham missed ""over 30 percent of his votes.""   "
"""For the first time in 35 years, we have more businesses closing than starting."" "
"""After today, @GovJayNixon will have been overridden more times than all previous governors in #MO history #moleg"" "
"""The federal government owns about half of the West, yet it continues to acquire more land."" "
"""The top 1 percent pay 45 percent of all taxes in the country.""   "
"Marco Rubio opposes abortion ""even in the case of rape and incest.""   "
"Because of Obamacare ""people’s premiums ... are going up 35, 45, 55 percent.""   "
"John Kerry ""is the first secretary of state to rely primarily on a government account.""   "
"""Since 2001, higher education in the state has been cut or allowed to erode ... by 35 or 40 percent.""     "
"""Even after Syrian troops began to shoot protesters in the streets with live ammunition in 2011, Clinton labeled Bashar al-Assad a ‘reformer.' ""   "
"Some 8.1 million of the estimated 11 million to 12 million people ""in this country illegally are working."" "
Brewpubs can't sell growlers of their beer to customers.   
"Hillary Clinton ""couldn't bring herself to say we need to separate commercial banking and speculative banking, namely reinstating Glass-Steagall."" "
"A Republican bill that would change John Doe criminal investigations is ""creating exceptions in the law for politicians."" "
"""We lose an average of 90 Americans every day because of guns."" "
"HIV/AIDS is ""dramatically on the rise in the U.S. South."" "
"""Every other major country"" has family paid leave. "
"""The oil and natural gas industry provides or supports 141,600 jobs in Georgia."" "
"""Fifteen out of the 20 most polluted cities in the world"" are in India and China. "
"""I am very proud that over my almost 30 years of public service I have had no scandals."" "
"""60 percent of all Americans do not want to see Planned Parenthood defunded."" "
"""Today in America, we have more people in jail than any other country on Earth."" "
"as secretary of state she was reserving judgment about the Trans-Pacific Partnership and ""hoped it would be the gold standard."" "
"""African-American youth unemployment is 51 percent. Hispanic youth unemployment is 36 percent."" "
"""Sen. Sanders did vote five times against the Brady bill."" "
"Pollsters say ""don't actually believe our own data"" and Gallup stopped primary polling ""because they don't trust their methodology.""   "
"""There have been seven investigations (of Benghazi) led mostly by Republicans in the Congress"" that concluded ""nobody did anything wrong, but there were changes we could make."" "
"Texas has ""outstripped the national poverty rate"" since ""at least 1959."" "
"""When we had a conservative Republican president we were losing 750,000 jobs a month.""   "
"""In the states that allow open carry, violent crime was 23 percent lower.""   "
"Donald Trump was ""forced to file for bankruptcy not once, not twice, four times."" "
"U.S. Sen. Ron Johnson ""led the fight to let polluters release unlimited amounts of carbon pollution and took nearly $225,000 from polluters."" "
"""380 Americans have been killed in 294 mass shootings in 2015 alone.""   "
"""While 38 percent of (firearms) dealers that were inspected in 2011 were noncompliant with federal law, only 0.05 percent of inspected dealers had their licenses revoked."" "
"""Millions of dollars are spent by Planned Parenthood to elect Democrats to the House of Representatives and the Senate.""   "
"Donald Trump ""supports eminent domain"" and the Supreme Court’s Kelo decision.  "
"A state agency wanted to fire an employee who spent four hours per day watching pornography, but the state ""employment commission reinstated the person."" "
"Today, the deficit is ""below the average deficits over the past 40 years."" "
"""States with the most gun laws tend to have the fewest gun deaths."" "
"""More preschoolers are shot dead each year than police officers are in the line of duty."" "
"""90% of Americans want national background checks that close loopholes."" "
"Planned Parenthood ""is an organization that funnels millions of dollars in political contributions to pro-abortion candidates."" "
"Number of Americans killed by terrorism in the last decade: 24. Number of Americans killed by guns in the last decade: 280,024. "
"About ""3 percent of murders and crimes are committed with guns from people who actually (legally) purchase those guns."" "
"Iran’s ""regime is responsible for more than 1,000 American casualties during the Iraq war"" and ""has plotted a terrorist attack here in our nation's capital."" "
"""It's estimated we leave somewhere north of $350 billion a year - that's billion - a year on the table uncollected because IRS doesn't have the resources."" "
"""We sell 40 percent of our guns without a background check."" "
"""Since 2008, U.S. crude oil output has increased by over 80 percent, an increase of over 4 million barrels a day. That is the fastest increase in U.S. history."" "
"Israel has seen a ""90 percent reduction in terrorist attacks"" that it attributes to building a 500-mile fence. "
"""We have 650 people who move to Texas every day."" "
"Alabama’s Crimson Tide will be the underdog in Saturday’s game against the Georgia Bulldogs, the first time in 72 consecutive games that Alabama has not been favored by oddsmakers to win. "
"Student loans from the federal government issued between 2007 and 2012 are on target ""to produce $66 billion in profits for the United States government.""   "
"""Unlike virtually every other campaign, we don't have a super PAC."" "
"""We had a three-hour debate, no discussion about the national debt, very little about the economy."" "
"""When he (Donald Trump) asked Florida to have casino gambling, we said no."" "
"Every general City of Milwaukee employee ""pays toward his or her pension, but approximately 88 percent of our police officers and firefighters do not.""   "
"""Bernie Sanders was there when it came to (same-sex) marriage 20 years ago. ... He was there when it wasn't popular.""   "
"""There’s no money"" for Planned Parenthood in the bill that would keep the government open. "
The racial and ethnic makeup of the Gwinnett County Sheriff’s Office mirrors the community it serves.   
"""Six of the 10 richest counties in the United States surround Washington, D.C."" "
"""Twenty-six men named William have been elected to statewide office and only seven women have had the honor.""   "
"On the main GOP presidential debate: ""Not one candidate on the debate stage has military experience … "" "
No openly gay man has ever been elected to the Georgia Legislature. 
"""#GradInsurance debacle is a DIRECT result of #ObamaCare. #MIZZOU has to break the law to do the right thing."" "
"A ""voucher school that closed after 9 days this year collected $5.4 million in taxpayer subsidies since first opening."" "
"Ronald Reagan ""reversed his world’s ‘largest tax cut’ and raised taxes when revenues did not match the expectations."" "
"Salaries of Austin residents who don't work for city government ""have not been going up 3 percent a year for the last several years."" "
Tens of thousands of Atlanta households pay more than 30 percent of their income towards rent. 
"""The pope and Donald Trump and Tammy Baldwin all agree"" on eliminating the ""carried-interest"" tax break.   "
"Missouri is ""#1 in the nation for holding down tuition increases at public universities."" "
"""the cascading effects"" of climate change contributed to the rise of ISIS. "
"Pope Francis ""took the name of a saint who basically reached out to Muslims."" "
"""Under Republicans, recessions happen four times as frequently as under Democrats.""   "
"""Just about half of rural hospitals operate in the red in Virginia. They operate at a loss.""   "
"""Eighty-three law enforcement officers have died in the line of duty this year. Twenty-four of them were shot and killed in cold blood."" "
"When Carly Fiorina says Hewlett-Packard ""revenues went up, that's because she bought Compaq. It was a terrible deal."" "
"The Obama administration’s ""own Environmental Protection Agency"" has said its Clean Power Plan ""will have a marginal impact on climate change.""   "
"""The top 1/10th of 1 percent today in America owns almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent."" "
"At this point in 2012, ""Rick Perry was ahead at 29.9 percent, and we had seven more leads before it finally settled on Mitt Romney.""   "
"""The cost of fire in Rhode Island is anywhere from 33 percent to 100 percent more expensive than anywhere else we could find.""   "
"The University of Wisconsin System  ""is larger than any business in the state of Wisconsin."" "
"""There's never been a direct Supreme Court case on people who were here illegally, whether or not their kids are citizens."" "
"""We're the only major oil-producing nation in the world with a self-imposed ban on exporting our crude oil to other nations."" "
"Marco Rubio has ""the worst voting record there is today."" "
"""The marijuana that kids are smoking today is not the same as the marijuana that Jeb Bush smoked 40 years ago.""     "
"""We've just now given over $100 billion"" to Iran, ""the equivalent in U.S. terms is $5 trillion.""   "
"""A majority of the men and women on this stage have previously and publicly embraced amnesty. I am the only candidate on this stage who has never supported amnesty."" "
"history suggests sports will ""quickly subsume a lot of the attention span of the country"" in the presidential primary.   "
Donald Trump supports the Wall Street bailout.   
"Georgia’s CRCT ""set some of the lowest expectations for student proficiency in the nation."" "
"""The top man at Yale Law School came out ... with just a raging report"" about former HP CEO Carly Fiorina, saying she is ""one of the worst executives in his memory in history running the company."" "
"""I'm the only governor in America ... who signed a law that says there needs to be an independent investigation any time there's a death of someone in police custody."" "
"""She [Hillary Clinton] has also said unequivocally that she didn't receive classified documents.""   "
As many as six federal department budget bills have been delayed because of opposition to amendments that would ban Confederate battle flag sales at federal building gift shops. 
"When it comes to classified information at the State Department, Hillary Clinton’s ""the decider."" "
"Donald Trump ""wants to replace"" Obamacare ""with a single-payer system."" "
Atlanta has issued an increasing number of citations - and collected an increasing amount of revenue - since Mayor Kasim Reed took office in 2010. 
"""We borrow a million dollars every minute."" "
"""Any Republican that has led for two months and led every state has won the GOP nomination."" "
"""I cut state spending more than anybody (in the 2016 GOP field)."" "
"""Contrary to media reports, Georgia’s gas tax change led to no price increase at the pump."" "
"""There has never been a panther attack in the history of Florida."" "
"""Almost 40 percent of all (undocumented) immigrants come by plane and they overstay their visas.""   "
"""The State of Texas is funding … women’s health services at historically high levels; they just increased their level another $50 million for the next two years."" "
"""Twenty-three million Americans suffer from addiction, but only 1 in 10 get treatment."" "
"""It has been the law since the beginning of the country that the children of American citizens born ... abroad are American citizens by birth."" "
"The nuclear agreement with Iran ""never sunsets. There's no sunset in this agreement."" "
"""Trump proposed enacting the largest tax increase in American history.""   "
"Bernie Sanders opposes the death penalty, and Hillary Clinton supports it. "
"Bernie Sanders opposes the Trans-Pacific Partnership, and Hillary Clinton supports it. "
"he ""turned down a Medicaid expansion under Obamacare,"" but because of actions he took, for the first time in Wisconsin's history ""everyone living in poverty is covered under Medicaid."" "
"Georgia has the 9th highest rate of adults, ages 18 to 64, without a high school diploma or GED. "
"""Of the 25 wealthiest nations, we're the only one that doesn't provide basic health coverage.""   "
"""I'm the only (Republican) candidate that has actually reduced the size of government."" "
"""Saudi Arabia has the third-largest military budget in the entire world."" "
"""African Americans are twice as likely to be arrested and almost four times as likely to experience the use of force during encounters with the police.""   "
"""In the year 2013, the Obama administration released 104,000 criminal illegal aliens. They released 196 murderers – people with homicide convictions, who are here illegally."" "
"""By the end of this budget I'm in right now, taxes will have been cut $4.7 billion in my state.""  "
"Gov. Maggie Hassan’s budget proposal ""raises taxes on small businesses and increases taxes and fees by $100 million.""    "
"""More Americans have died from guns in the United States since 1968 than on battlefields of all the wars in American history."" "
"""Our companies are moving into Mexico more than almost any other place right now."" "
"""Bush Jr. handed Obama a $1.4 trillion deficit"" and Obama ""reduced Bush Jr.’s deficit to just $492 billion."" "
"Ron Johnson ""opposes entirely a federal minimum wage,"" except perhaps for ""guest workers."" "
Buying the naming rights to the new Falcons stadium is the largest marketing deal in Mercedes-Benz history. 
"""To vote in Mexico every eligible Mexican citizen has to have a tamper-proof photo-ID card with a thumbprint and an embossed hologram."" "
"Scott Walker's plan to replace Obamacare ""is a new entitlement"" program for ""every single American human being from the time they are born right up until they grow old and become eligible for Medicare.""    "
"""Many of the great scholars say that anchor babies are not covered"" by the 14th Amendment. "
"""The policy mistakes that ... the Clintons made got us, in large degree, to the situation that we are in today with mass incarceration."" "
"""Last year, we had zero percent growth in GDP in Virginia ...The only states that did worse than us were Alaska and Mississippi."" "
"Donald Trump ""was a Democrat longer in the last decade than he was a Republican."" "
"""We did not even have a federal income tax in this country until 1913."" "
"""There are actually only 30 countries that practice birthright citizenship."" "
"""56 percent of (the U.S.-Mexico) border is not under our control."" "
"""Rhode Island will become just the second state to mandate the vaccine … and the only state to do so by regulatory fiat, without public debate, and without consideration from the elected representatives of the people.""   "
"""The United States is about 100th in voter turnout among the industrialized nations, and Texas is near the bottom in terms of voter registration and voter turnout."" "
"""The rate in which people are working (in Wisconsin) is almost five points higher than it is nationally."" "
"""Zero Planned Parenthood facilities are licensed to do mammograms. Planned Parenthood, women don’t need you!"" "
"""Less than half of the poorest American households have a home Internet subscription."" "
"""We have an Army that just cut 40,000 spots.""   "
"""The U.S. has now spent more on reconstructing Afghanistan than was spent on the Marshall Plan and the reconstruction of Europe."" "
"""There's not a single, solitary example that"" signing the bill to end Glass-Steagall ""had anything to do with the financial crash."" "
"A ""majority in every state favors path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants."" "
"""Peachtree and Pine is one of the leading sites for tuberculosis in the nation."" "
"""The annual cost of free tax credits alone paid to illegal immigrants quadrupled to $4.2 billion in 2011."" "
"""You’re more likely to get struck by lightning in Texas"" than find in-person voter fraud. "
"The number of people who ""believe in socialism ... is increasing."" "
"""if the (Iran nuclear) deal gets rejected, they still get"" $150 billion. "
"""F: The grade given to Florida for college affordability under Jeb Bush's leadership."" "
"There has been a 100 percent ""increase in student debt under this Democratic White House."" "
"Wisconsin's pension system is the ""only one fully funded in the country."" "
"""A minor cannot get a tattoo without parental consent but can get an abortion without parental consent.""   "
"Bernie Sanders chose ""to spend his honeymoon in the Soviet Union in 1988."" "
"Emails released to the public show Hillary Clinton discussed ""the location of Ambassador Stevens, who of course was murdered, in Libya."" "
"Donald Trump has ""changed his mind"" on abortion. "
"""Every poll said I won the debate."" "
"""African-American children are 500 percent more likely to die from asthma than white kids."" "
"""The United States has the highest incarceration rate in the world."" "
"he was ""one of the chief architects"" of balancing the federal budget. "
"""The Republican presidential nominee hasn’t won women since 1988."" "
"""A majority of the candidates on this stage have supported amnesty ... I have never supported amnesty."" "
"""The Fourth Amendment was what we fought the Revolution over. John Adams said it was the spark that led to our war for independence."" "
"""As governor of Florida I defunded Planned Parenthood."" "
"Wisconsin’s ""rainy day fund"" is ""165 times bigger than when we first took office."" "
"Scott Walker's defunding of Planned Parenthood ""left women across the state stranded with nowhere else to turn"" for cancer screenings, breast exams and birth control. "
"that Donald Trump ""supported Charlie Crist.""   "
"""$700 billion was robbed (from Medicare) to pay for Obamacare."" "
Film and television productions generated a $6 billion economic impact for Georgia’s economy in the most recent fiscal year.   
"""I took the state of Ohio from an $8 billion hole … to a $2 billion surplus."" "
"""This is the most generous country in the world when it comes to immigration. There are a million people a year who legally immigrate to the United States.""   "
"""Fox changed around their poll eligibility criteria on the day they announced who is in and out of their debate."" "
"Says Jeb Bush ""significantly cut early voting prior to the 2008 presidential election."" "
"""Since I took office, Wisconsin now has the 2nd highest health care quality ranking in the country."" "
"""The stock market does better when you have a Democratic president in the White House."" "
Caution: Kissing and cuddling chickens can be hazardous to your health. 
"""In 1947, when I was born, there were about 450,000 lions. In the mid-70s, when my kids were born, there were about 100,000. Today, there are less than 30,000."" "
"Since parole abolition, Virginia's ""crime rate has fallen to third lowest in the country, our recidivism rate is down 20 percent and that’s the second lowest in the country.""   "
"""97 percent of the work that Planned Parenthood does is about mammograms and preventative health."" "
"""In 1960, we spent more than 3 percent of our GDP on infrastructure projects like the Interstate Highway. Today we spend less than 1 percent of our GDP on these vital investments."" "
Donald Trump is for a single-payer health care system. 
"""Every year the First Coast Guard District saves 350 lives in the Northeast.""   "
"""We built a new prison every 10 days between 1990 and 2005 to keep up with our mass incarceration explosion of nonviolent offenders."" "
"in 2002, he ""won more Hispanic votes than Anglo votes, 60 percent in the state."" "
"""Our last budget committed the highest level of need-based financial aid in state history."" "
"Since Volvo spurned Georgia for South Carolina in early May, some 3,455 jobs promising more than $800 million in investments have come to the Peach State. "
"Russia and China ""absolutely said clearly"" they would not keep economic sanctions on Iran if the United States ""walked away from the deal."" "
"""Forty percent of people in this country, illegally, are overstaying visas."" "
"""The majority of the Hispanic population and the growth (of the population) is U.S.-born."" "
"""The top one-tenth of 1 percent"" of Americans ""own almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent."" "
"""More than half of all drivers' licenses issued in California this year have gone to illegal aliens."" "
"Since 2009, ""we've cut homelessness (among veterans) by a third."" "
The National Technical Information Service spends millions of taxpayer dollars to print and sell government documents that are available free in online searches. 
"""With the exception of baby formula, the federal government does not require any food to carry an expiration date, and state laws vary widely."" "
"David Jolly refused ""to cut spending for a national greenhouse in D.C."" "
"""All (Maryland) crabs are born in Virginia."" "
"""(Hillary Clinton's State Department) actually admonished one of her ambassadors because he wasn’t using the proper server."" "
"""One of the reasons I believe we’re in trouble in Yemen is we lost the population on drone strikes issues. That’s what stirred up the population. That’s what is happening in Yemen.""   "
"Donald Trump ""has supported a Canadian-style universal health care system.""   "
"The United States is ""fighting with Iraqis to defeat ISIS along with Iran. But in Yemen we're fighting Iran with Iraqis and Saudis."" "
"The federal deficit would pay for 40 gallons of ""New Hampshire maple syrup"" for everyone in the United States. "
"""Although we have twice the population of Greece, the state of Florida employs three times fewer government employees."" "
"""Al Franken said almost exactly what Trump said"" about John McCain’s military record. "
The murder rate in Atlanta is on the rise this year. 
"""By declaring that Pluto was no longer a planet, the (International Astronomical Union) put into place a planetary definition that would have even declassified Earth as a planet if it existed as far from the sun as Pluto does."" "
Bill and Hillary Clinton attended Donald Trump's last wedding. 
"Georgia has more than 700 law enforcement agencies, and fewer than 20 percent of them are state-certified.  "
"""The actual deportations from the interior of the country are way down"" under President Obama. "
" The Iran deal ""violates promises the president made to the American people."" ... ""It is not an anytime, anywhere inspection process.""   "
"""It’s commercial vehicles, 18 wheelers and above … that cause 90 plus percent of the damages on our highways and bridges.""   "
"""Texas still owns all of its public lands. If the federal gov't wants to create a park, they must ask permission!"" "
"Scott Walker's views on abortion are more restrictive ""than any Republican president in recent times."" "
"""134,000 (criminal) aliens have been released by the (Obama) administration in just the past two years."" "
"""Thanks to the Obama administration’s negotiations, Iran’s nuclear program will be under lock, key and camera 24 hours a day, 365 days a year."" "
"""In New Orleans, nearly 100 percent of our kids are in charter schools."" "
"""Sen. Rubio’s (tax plan) would cut taxes for households making around $3 million a year by almost $240,000, which is way more than three times the earnings of a typical family."" "
"Despite what Donald Trump claims, ""there weren’t 15,000 people who turned out in Phoenix"" to see Trump speak. "
"she ""called for addressing risks of derivatives, cracking down on subprime mortgages and improving financial oversight"" early on in the financial crisis. "
"because of his actions, Wisconsin ""property taxes today are lower than they were four years ago."" "
"""Limberbutt McCubbins (a five-year-old cat) is a candidate"" in the 2016 presidential election. "
"""In the past two years in Congress, I’ve written more bills, passed more amendments on the floor of the House and enacted more of my bills into law than any other member of the House.""   "
Cobb County businesses have already been awarded contracts worth $250 million on construction of a new Braves stadium.  
"For African-Americans between the ages of 17 and 20, ""the real unemployment rate … is 51 percent."" "
"""The United States ranks second worst in income inequality across developed countries,"" after taxes and transfers. "
"""We're destroying more businesses in the United States now than are being created for the first time in our history."" "
"Hillary Clinton's ""campaign hasn't been clear about when she wiped her server of her work emails."" "
"""25 percent of federal inmates are noncitizens.""   "
"""More businesses are closing than are opening for the first time in our nation's history."" "
"""Bernie Sanders voted against the Brady Bill -- background checks and waiting periods."" "
"his ""average federal tax rate"" was 36 percent.   "
"""There’s now been three independent investigations (into the bridge scandal) all of which have said"" that Christie did not have prior knowledge of or involvement in the lane closures. "
"""In a majority of states, you can now marry freely, but can still be fired for who you love."" "
"""Jasper County in Texas raised property taxes by 7 percent in order to pay for one death penalty case."" "
"Jeb Bush ""doesn't believe in a path to citizenship. If he did at one time, he no longer does.""   "
"In Florida, ""the number of voters who now register as ‘other’ has grown by a million in the last 10 years. Compare that with the Democrats, who only grew by 300,000 and the Republicans who grew by just 200,000."" "
"""President Obama in November of last year wiped away (a program) that allows for shared fingerprinting for those who are behind bars so you know who is here legally and illegally.""   "
"""We've cut the deficit by two-thirds."" "
"Hillary Clinton’s top 10 donors are mainly ""banks, corporations and media,"" while Bernie Sanders’ top 10 donors are labor unions. "
"""Florida has reduced its carbon emissions by 20 percent since 2005."" "
"""Chris Christie has led New Jersey to a record-breaking 9 credit downgrades."" "
"Replacing 100,000 old toilets with water-efficient models has saved 2.4 million gallons of water every day. "
"""Greece is not a big economy. It's about the size of metropolitan Miami."" "
"""The average age a child is trafficked into the commercial sex trade industry is between 11 and 14 years old."" "
"""Less than 1 percent of all the education dollars that we spend are spent on private (school) voucher programs."" "
"""The House of Representatives just voted 300-131 to remove ‘country-of-origin labeling’ on chicken, pork, and beef sold in the U.S."" "
"his release of 33 years of tax returns is ""more than any presidential candidate in history."" "
"Texas has ""the nation's highest rate and highest number of uninsured."" "
"Only five states, including Georgia, do not have a hate crimes law. "
"Amazon has removed ""an educational game about Gettysburg.""  "
"Jeb Bush ""oversaw (an) average in-state tuition increase of 48.2 percent during his tenure."" "
"""By one leading measure, what business owners pay out in wages and salaries is now finally growing faster than what they spend on health insurance"" for the first time in 17 years. "
"""The United States doesn’t have the highest murder rate among developed countries. You look at Russia, you look at Brazil, those are countries that have 3 to 5 times higher murder rates than what we have here in the United States."" "
"""Income disparities in the United States are the worst since the 1920s."" "
"""We are the only major country on Earth that doesn't guarantee health care to all people as a right."" "
"Polls indicate that ""white people think that black people are less intelligent. They think they’re less trustworthy, less patriotic.""   "
"""Hillary Clinton's rejection of efforts to make it easier to vote and harder to cheat not only defies logic, but the will of the majority of Americans.""   "
"""If you want to vote in"" Texas, ""you can use a concealed-weapon permit as a valid form of identification, but a valid student ID isn’t good enough."" "
"Jeb Bush ""said low-income women should ‘get their life together and find a husband.' "" "
"American schools are ""more segregated than they were in the 1960s."" "
"""We have at least 200,000 to 300,000 hate crimes in a given year."" "
"ISIS reaches ""about 100 million people a day"" through social media. "
"As governor, Maggie Hassan first proposed a $1 billion spending increase. "
"""After (Jeb) Bush’s two terms in office, Florida’s graduation rate was dead last and remains near the bottom.""   "
"Between 1980 and 2010, water usage in Georgia dropped even as the state’s population grew. "
"Hillary Clinton ""was completely exonerated, when I was in the White House"" by an official inquiry on Whitewater. "
"After a federal inquiry corroborated Hillary Clinton on Whitewater, ""the next day, there was nothing in the media about it."" "
"""46 percent of women between the age of 16 to 24 despise sexual contact"" in Japan. "
"""Nationally, the unemployment rate for veterans is far greater than the national unemployment rate,"" and Wisconsin is ""one of those rare examples where unemployment is actually lower for veterans than it is for the population as a whole and certainly lower than it is nationally.""  "
"As a senator, Hillary Clinton ""has her name on three laws in eight years."" "
"""Two weeks ago, a man entered the world’s busiest airport in Atlanta, Georgia, carrying a loaded AR-15 automatic weapon with an extended-capacity, 100-round magazine."" "
"""Here are the stats: Per population, we kill each other with guns at a rate 297x more than Japan, 49x more than France, 33x more than Israel."" "
"The Confederate battle flag in South Carolina was first flown at the statehouse in 1961. ""It was flown as a symbol of massive resistance to racial desegregation."" "
"""More than half of women under 30 who give birth do so outside of marriage...""   "
"""Between 2010 and 2014, there was no net in-migration from Mexico."" "
"My support from young voters -- those 18 to 24 --  in November 2014 was ""largely unheard of for a Republican."" "
"The original compromise for the Confederate battle flag in South Carolina ""was to put it on the back side of the statehouse, out of public view so it would not have any appearance of sovereignty."" "
"The Confederate battle flag at the South Carolina statehouse ""must fly at a height of 30 feet. Any changes -- taken down, or even at half-staff, if that can be done -- must be passed by a supermajority of the General Assembly."" "
"""This March, for the first time in human history, the monthly average carbon dioxide in our atmosphere exceeded 400 parts per million. The range had been 170-300 parts per million for hundreds of thousands of years.""   "
"""Texas now has the second-highest high school graduation rate in the country. And it has the highest graduation rate for African Americans and Hispanics."" "
"Greg Abbott ""activated the state guard to monitor"" Jade Helm 15 ""in case the troops try to impose martial law, disarm innocent Texans, and detain them in tunnels beneath closed Walmart stores."" "
"U.S. Senate opponent Ron Johnson ""is opposed to all government-assisted student loans."" "
"""You can be an NFL player with murder charges and not be suspended."" "
"Currently, almost 40 percent of people with HIV are not diagnosed until they already have developed AIDS. And that can be up to 10 years after they first are infected with HIV. "
"""For most black people in the history of this country … it was illegal to pass as a white person. You were actually put in jail if you tried to pass."" "
"""The gap between the very rich and everyone else in America is wider today than at any time since the 1920s."" "
"Hillary Clinton ""insists that when the progressive agenda encounters religious beliefs to the contrary, those beliefs ‘have to be changed.’ "" "
"""The United States still ranks 20th in the world in access to broadband -- over 50 percent below the best nations."" "
"""In just 17 years, spending for Social Security, federal health care and interest on the debt will exceed ALL tax revenue!"" "
"""The top 25 hedge fund managers (are) making more than all of America's kindergarten teachers combined."" "
"""A black male baby born today, if we do not change the system, stands a one-in-three chance (of) ending up in jail."" "
"""Twenty-five percent of people in the country have said they changed their email and phone habits because of"" the collection of data allowed by the Patriot Act. "
Ninety-seven percent of Americans do not receive subsidies for health care under the Affordable Care Act.  
"Jeb Bush ""happens to be where a majority"" of Republican voters are on giving legal status to illegal immigrants. "
"""Florida is a model"" for successful pretrial release programs. "
"The film and TV industry supports more than 24,000 direct jobs and pays local workers more than $1.68 billion in wages in Georgia. "
"""In Muslim countries, under the Sharia, there is a death penalty for blaspheming Mohammad."" "
"""In Florida, for eight years we cut taxes every year, totaling $19 billion."" "
"A Republican budget proposal ""would have Wisconsin have the weakest standards for who can be a teacher in the classroom in the country.""  "
"""U.S. Embassy Celebrates America’s Independence on June 4th in Order to Accommodate Muslims."" "
"Since Republicans took over after the 2010 election, ""the graduation rate in Wisconsin has gone from 86 percent to 88 percent. The black graduation rate has gone from 60 percent to 65 percent. The Latino graduation rate has gone from 65 percent to 71 percent."" "
Georgia residents file the most insurance claims for lightning strikes in the country. 
"Scott Walker ""cut back early voting and signed legislation that would make it harder for college students to vote."" "
"""In Florida, when Jeb Bush was governor, state authorities conducted a deeply flawed purge of voters before the presidential election in 2000"" and ""in 2004 a plan to purge even more voters was headed off."" "
"""Former Gov. Rick Perry signed a law that a federal court said was actually written with the purpose of discriminating against minority voters."" "
"""In New Jersey, Gov. Christie vetoed legislation to extend early voting."" "
"47 percent of Americans ""can’t pay for an unexpected $400 expense through savings or credit cards, without selling something or borrowing money."" "
"""500 percent more traffic here?"" "
"""We reduced the government workforce by 13,000, 11 percent, during my eight years."" "
"""Our reserves are now in much better shape than they were just a few years ago."" "
"""In the last seven years of my tenure, Texas created 1.5 million new jobs. As a matter of fact, without Texas, America would have lost 400,000 jobs."" "
"Ronald Reagan ""talked about"" converting the United States to the metric system. "
"The Convention Center ""was sold as a building that would never cost taxpayers a dime.""   "
"""Fox News barely covered (the Duggar family) scandal until Megyn Kelly was able to secure this interview."" "
"""Since 2010, eight children in Georgia have died due to vehicular heatstroke."" "
"""You can fill out your tax return in Estonia online in five minutes."" "
"""The No. 1 cause of childhood deaths is preventable accidents."" "
"""Sixty million Americans depend on Social Security, and one-third of all the seniors in America depend on Social Security for 90 percent of their income."" "
"""There is not a single documented case of abuse"" of the bulk metadata collection program.   "
"""Two of the top three (rated) public high schools in Wisconsin — Ronald Reagan College Prep and Rufus King International — are MPS schools."" "
"""One out of five of our children live in a family that’s on food stamps."" "
"that during his eight years as Florida governor, ""we created 1.3 million net new jobs -- more jobs created than Texas."" "
"Today, ""the United States is the most respected country on Earth."" "
"""Thanks to restrictive and anticompetitive ballot laws,"" candidates in November 2014 ran unopposed in nearly half of Wisconsin’s state representative races but in Michigan and Minnesota nearly all races had challengers. "
"""Today in America, 70 percent of us are earning the same or less than we were 12 years ago, and this is the first time that that has happened this side of World War II."" "
"""For the first time in 35 years, we have more businesses dying than we do starting."" "
"If Milwaukee approves reducing its maximum forfeiture for marijuana possession to $50, the city would have ""23 different bicycle violations that have a higher forfeiture.""   "
"""We spend more money on lobbying than we do on campaigns.""   "
"Gov. Scott Walker’s proposed state budget contained 110 pages of errors -- an unusually high number -- ""and millions of dollars’ worth of mistakes"" that were corrected with a follow-up document. "
"A 50-50 public-private split for paying for a new Milwaukee Bucks arena would ""be much better -- in terms of the portion of the public financing -- than most of the other arena projects done around the country.""   "
"If you count United States airstrikes against ISIS, ""75 percent of those combat missions return to base without having fired a weapon."" "
"Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky., has stated that supporting the ""right to health care ... means you believe in slavery."" "
"Austin school district ""teachers are the lowest paid of any urban"" Texas district and the ""lowest paid of any surrounding school district."" "
Georgia ranks 49th for women serving in elected state and federal offices. 
"""roughly two-thirds of (state) corporations didn’t pay any income tax in Virginia."" "
"he was known as ""Veto Corleone"" for cutting spending as Florida governor. "
"""For our next two years in my state, we will end with a structural surplus of $499 million."" "
"""The United States is one of only seven nations that allows elective abortions after 20 weeks post-fertilization."" "
About 85 percent of hotel guests who will pay the new $5 hotel/motel fee will be from outside Georgia. 
"""Accidents are down 50 percent and injury accidents are down 60 percent"" in the rebuilt Marquette Interchange in Milwaukee. "
"""There are more members of the U.S. Senate than the number of WI families who would benefit from GOP estate tax break."" "
"Georgia is on track for 1,200 traffic fatalities this year, a reversal of nine years of declines. "
"The lack of an automatic braking system that could have prevented the Philadelphia Amtrak crash ""wasn't driven by a lack of funding. It just takes a while. They (Congress) just passed it in the recent past."" "
"""It is simply a fact that insufficient funding for Amtrak has delayed the installation"" of a positive train control safety system. ""To deny a connection between the (derailment in Philadelphia) and underfunding Amtrak is to deny reality."" "
"""Austin is the only city in an arid landscape in the western United States dependent on a single source of water."" "
"The Fair Tax proposal encourages innovation and investment ""level the playing field"" for American companies to compete globally. "
"The ""highest economic growth decade was the 1960s. Income tax rates were 90 percent.""   "
"""Every president since Franklin Delano Roosevelt has had"" fast-track trade authority. "
"Due to ""over-incarceration … in 1950, two out of three young black men were in the workforce. Today, it's one out of three black men are in the workforce."" "
"The 2005 round of military base closings ""has not yet resulted in savings."" "
"""Florida sends $135 billion and D.C. returns $150 billion."" "
"Proposed fast-track legislation allows presidents to ""easily use a future trade deal to override our domestic financial rules."" "
"More money is dedicated within the Department of Homeland Security to climate change than what's spent combating ""Islamist terrorists radicalizing over the Internet in the United States of America.""   "
"Annual precipitation ""has increased in Rhode Island by over 12 inches in the last century."" "
"Mike Huckabee appeared in diabetes infomercials to endorse ""cures and treatments that no health agency supports."" "
"""We have a legal immigration system in America that accepts 1 million people a year, legally. No other country in the world even comes close to that."" "
The state budget will include scholarship money for minority students as a concession to Senate Democrats for supporting the GOP-initiated transportation bill.   
"""Hillary Clinton’s State Department sent three comedians to India on the ‘Make Chai, Not War’ tour."" "
"""During the Bush administration, you actually had a prominent liberal write a book about how Bush was preparing for a fascist takeover of this country."" "
"""Ben Carson is running for president to ‘eliminate dependency on government.’ But he doesn’t mention that he grew up in public schools, got public housing and food stamps, got free glasses from a government program, was helped by Affirmative Action, and got Pell Grants for college.""   "
"An audit shows ""there are 6.5 million people who have active Social Security numbers who are 112 years of age or older,"" "
"""We doubled the size of the company (Hewlett-Packard)."" "
"Wisconsin's non-discrimination law ""doesn't protect members of the trans-gender community.""   "
"""There are more poor people today as a percentage of our population than the 1970s."" "
"""When we moved into the White House, we had the lowest net worth of any family since Harry Truman."" "
"""The people of Tiverton have historically supported [gambling measures] at a rate higher than the rest of the state."" "
"""A sitting sheriff cannot be charged except by a warrant issued by a Superior Court judge."" "
"""The United States is 65th out of 142 nations and other territories on equal pay."" "
"""Baltimore spends the third highest per capita on its public schools."" "
"After laying off 30,000 people, Carly Fiorina said that in retrospect, ""I would have done them all faster."" "
Delta has had the most animal deaths among U.S. carriers in the past five years 
"Austin has ""gone from being the 24th most congested city just about 10 years ago to being the fourth most congested — more congested than NYC."" "
Distracted driving such as texting behind the wheel is behind a rise in traffic deaths on Georgia roadways this year. 
"""I’m the only member of the House of Representatives who raised most of his campaign funds in the last election from small contributions of less than $200."" "
"""There's no statistical evidence that"" a waiting period for handgun purchases ""reduces violence whatsoever.""   "
The recently passed transportation funding bill is a billion-dollar tax increase for Georgians. 
"""Of the 13 (Bill) Clinton speeches that fetched $500,000 or more, only two occurred during the years his wife was not secretary of state."" "
The Castro regime ‘violated international norms’ by secretly shipping weapons to North Korea in violation of a U.N. embargo. 
"""More astronauts have been to the moon than farmers who paid the inheritance tax in 2013."" "
"""Americans will spend more on taxes in 2015 than on food, clothing and housing combined."" "
"Texas agriculture is ""at 98 percent efficiency"" in water use and ""just about maxed out as to what we can do on the conservation end of it."" "
"The United States is ""about to have the smallest Army since before WWII, the smallest Navy since WWI and the smallest Air Force ever."" "
"A Penn State University study found that ""electronic cigarettes . . . are far less addictive than cigarettes."" "
"""The Iranians are now saying that what we're saying the deal is and what they understand it to be are two different things."" "
"Tyler Perry’s plan to turn a majority of the former Fort McPherson into a film and television studio is expected ""to add over 8,000 new jobs to Atlanta."" "
"""The U.S. representatives that voted to keep militarizing the police received 73 percent more campaign money from the defense industry"" than the representatives who voted to stop it. "
"""If we choose Obamacare expansion, 600,000 will lose eligibility for their subsidies, of which 257,000 would be forced into Medicaid."" "
"Rhode Island ""charter schools are nationally recognized as outperforming their counterparts across the country."" "
"""I'm running for office with much more experience and qualifications than Barack Obama had when he ran."" "
"""The unemployment rate among blacks in Texas is 9.5% -- far more than double white unemployment -- and wages have fallen for black workers in Texas since 2000."" "
"""America has lost over 50,000 manufacturing factories on other trade deals."" "
"""We have an 80 percent graduation rate in high school after spending more per student than any country in the world other than Liechtenstein, I think, or Luxembourg and a couple other small countries."" "
"""The United States invented the community college. Nobody else had ever done anything like it."" "
"""The fastest-growing part of the Pentagon’s budget are health care expenses."" "
"In recent polling in battleground states, a ""majority of the people"" said Hillary Clinton ""is untrustworthy."" "
"""Medicaid expansion isn’t necessarily a very popular issue on the street."" "
"Says Loretta Lynch’s nomination ""has been now sitting there longer than the previous seven attorney general nominees combined."" "
"Hillary Clinton took ""money from kings of Saudi Arabia and Morocco and Oman and Yemen.""   "
Georgia has had the nation’s busiest Court of Appeals for a decade or more. 
"""Half of all Americans have less than $10,000 in their savings account."" "
"""By age 65, the average woman will have lost $431,000 throughout her working career was a result of the pay gap.""   "
" ""99 percent of all new income today (is) going to the top 1 percent."" "
"The Hyde Amendment ""language was in the (human trafficking) bill. The Democratic sponsor admits it was in the bill, and she voted for it.""   "
"""More than 30 cents of every state tax dollar goes to Medicaid."" "
"""We are in the sixth year of recovery, and median income is below what it was at the start of the recovery."" "
"""When the Constitution was written, (only) 20 to 25 percent of the people in the country could vote."" "
"Florida has the most concealed weapon permits in the nation, ""nearly double that of the second state, which is Texas."" "
"In Wisconsin, a ""second arrest for carrying pot is a felony,"" but a second or subsequent arrest ""for carrying a gun illegally is a misdemeanor.""   "
"""Legislation being considered in Texas would strip the salaries and pensions of clerks who issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples — even if the Supreme Court strikes down Texas’ marriage ban later this year."" "
A $5-a-night hotel/motel tax that’s part of the transportation bill will hurt Georgia’s convention business by adding extra costs for large groups coming to the state. 
"Rand Paul denied that he ""put forward a bill ... to zero out foreign aid and specifically spoke about Israel."" "
"Wisconsin requires, ""by law, a photo ID to vote."" "
"""The same federal government that offers some money for a program is walking away from another health care program."" "
This year’s state budget and my spending proposal for Fiscal Year 2016 represent an infusion of more than $1 billion in additional money for K-12 education.    
"""Ninety percent of American workers don't own their own business."" "
"Bill Clinton signed a law ""very similar to,"" and Barack Obama voted for a law ""something like,"" Indiana's Religious Freedom Restoration Act.     "
" Hillary Clinton ""completely ignored"" ""dozens and dozens of requests for more security"" for the Benghazi consulate.     "
Wisconsin’s attorney general and state treasurer ordered the daughter of Earth Day founder Gaylord Nelson not to discuss climate change on state time. 
"""Wholly domestic communication between you and your wife can go to New York to London and back and get caught up in the (NSA) database."" "
"""Debt doubled"" under Bush ""and now it’s tripling under Barack Obama’s watch."" "
"""Iran’s defense budget is $30 billion. Our defense budget is closer to $600 billion."" "
"Seventy percent of Americans ""don't have a college degree."" "
"""Just two weeks ago, Congressman Hurd quit his post on the House Committee on Small Business saying that he was unable to find the time to serve."" "
"Lawmakers were paid for their off-season efforts to, for the first time, take the lead in drawing borders for two would-be cities. "
"Indiana Gov. Mike Pence ""provides zero state funding for homeless shelters.""   "
"""Did you know that the U.S. is one of the very few nations in the world without an official language?"" "
"he ""paid one dollar for"" a sweater at Kohl’s. "
"""In this last election in November, ... 63 percent of the American people chose not to vote, ... 80 percent of young people, (and) 75 percent of low-income workers chose not to vote."" "
"A school uniform policy helps with ""school safety, helps with truancy."" "
"Despite raising taxes on the wealthy and hiking the minimum wage, Minnesota ""is creating jobs at a record pace, unemployment is at a historic low, median income is skyrocketing, and (the) state has a billion-dollar surplus."" "
"People buy more items during Georgia’s sales-tax holidays, boosting economic activity. "
"""Florida has a law like (Indiana's Religious Freedom Restoration Act)."" "
"In the United States, we’ve had ""12 years in a row of wages declining."" "
"The Affordable Care Act is ""a major reason why we’ve seen 50,000 fewer preventable patient deaths in hospitals."" "
"""White people control almost 90 percent of the nation's wealth."" "
 Georgia has one of the nation’s highest jet fuel taxes.   
"""Inflation-adjusted defense spending has declined 21 percent since 2010, and even if we discount the drawdowns in Iraq and Afghanistan, it has still declined by a dangerous 12 percent."" "
"Says Barack Obama voted for the ""very same language"" of Indiana's Religious Freedom Restoration Act when he was in the Illinois state Senate. Sexual orientation ""doesn't have anything to do with this law."" "
"""There's just one piece of legislation that is now law"" with Sen. Ted Cruz's ""name on it."" "
"""Rhode Island has the second highest per enrollee (Medicaid) cost of any state in the country, which is 60 percent higher than the national average."" "
"""From 2013-2015, the richest 14 Americans increased their net wealth by more than $157 billion, yet the Republican budget would not require these Americans to contribute one penny to deficit reduction."" "
"Florida is ""one of the few states that has actually had a narrowing of the achievement gap based on income, or based on race or ethnicity."" "
"Under current conditions, by 2023, the interest payments on the national debt will be $722 billion, larger than the projected defense spending of $696 billion. "
"Dallas ""African-American and Hispanic students pass AP exams at a higher rate than any other place in America."" "
"Liberty University students ""were mandated"" to attend Sen. Ted Cruz’s presidential announcement ""or they would be fined."" "
"Gov. Scott Walker’s proposed reduction in university spending is ""about the size of the one"" under Democratic Gov. Jim Doyle, but Democrats didn’t treat Doyle’s cut as so dire. "
"Ted Cruz was ""the longest-serving solicitor general in the history of Texas."" "
"""Whales live as long at SeaWorld"" as they do in the wild. "
"""We've got 40 years of study now that show that, with a good preschool start, you're less likely to be on public dole, you're less likely to be in prison."" "
"""The average faculty member at UW-Madison brings in close to a quarter million dollars a year"" in grant money. "
State lawmakers are spending taxpayer money for parking that billionaire Arthur Blank could build while paying some state employees so little they are on food stamps.   
"The IAEA, or the International Atomic Energy Agency, ""last month said the Iranians are not currently living up to their obligations."" "
"""In an average grocery store, roughly 75 percent of processed foods contain genetically modified organisms, or GMOs."" "
Uber and other ride-share firms are not required to carry auto insurance under Georgia law.  
"The state of Florida has seen ""double-digit drops"" in alcohol use among teens. "
"Polling shows that nearly 74 percent of National Rifle Association members ""support requiring background checks for all gun sales."" "
"Secretary of State John Kerry, ""when he was a senator, flew to Managua and met with a communist dictator there, Daniel Ortega, and accused the Reagan administration of engaging in terrorism."" "
"Wisconsin is ""dead last in the Midwest for job creation.""    "
The proposed transportation tax plan revokes a tax-credit for consumers’ electric cars while the state retains similar credits for similar vehicles for businesses. 
"""Every day, a black name resume is 50 percent less likely to get responded to than a white name resume."" "
"""Of the 10,000 Rhode Island children in charter school lotteries for the fall, more than 70 percent are poor .... In addition, a majority of them are students of color."" "
"""(Jeb) Bush, not the State of Florida, decided which private emails to disclose."" "
"Under legislation that has cleared the Georgia House, some children who are ""legal refugees"" could obtain state scholarships to attend private schools.     "
"Medicaid is close to 30 percent of the state budget and ""the biggest expenditure at the state."" "
"""The vast majority of our international commitments take effect without congressional approval."" "
"If President Barack Obama strikes a nuclear deal with Iran, ""the next president could revoke such an executive agreement with the stroke of a pen and future Congresses could modify the terms of the agreement at any time."" "
Georgia is one of only five states where breweries can’t sell you a pint of beer to drink on premise or sell you a six-pack to go.   
"Hillary Clinton ""sent a memo"" to all State Department staff that said ""you should not do State Department business on personal email.""   "
"Today in Selma, Ala., ""the poverty rate is roughly nine times that of whites."" "
"""Black people are eight times more likely to be arrested than white people"" in Madison. "
"""Contrary to popular belief, we actually don’t have that many public employees…We are well below average in the number of public employees.’’ "
"""Research performed by economists has shown no consistent, positive impact on jobs, income or tax revenues arising from stadiums or sports franchises."" "
"President Obama said ""22 times"" he could not authorize immigration reform by executive order.    "
The infant mortality rate is 15 percent higher in states with right-to-work laws. 
"A federal judge said President Barack Obama’s executive action on immigration is ""unconstitutional."" "
"""At this particular point in time, looking at the field, there’s only one individual that’s ever had the uniform of his country on—and that’s me."" "
"More than any Republican governor in the 2014 elections, ""I took a higher percentage of the Republican vote""and ""yet I also carried independents by 12 points.""   "
"""The average person only pays about $1,800 in state taxes — which is the lowest of all 50 states."" "
"""We have cut taxes more than 40 times in four years."" "
"""Already this calendar year, since January 1, we have had more than 20,000 people come across the border, apprehended, unauthorized."" "
"Education funding of $7,176 per student is a ""historic level."" "
"""I never said I was on the Falkland Islands."" "
"The FCC’s net neutrality policy includes what is ""essentially a massive tax increase.""   "
"""You had more women getting computer sciences degrees in the '80s by a factor of 2-plus than you do now."" "
"""America produces more oil and gas than any other nation in the world."" "
"Six of the nation’s 10 wealthiest counties, ""according to median income, are in and around the Washington, D.C. area.""   "
"""...Over 30 years, federal spending on education has grown by 375 percent, but test scores remain flat."" "
"President Barack Obama's veto of the Keystone XL pipeline killed ""42,000 jobs."" "
"On immigration, ""the president said 22 times, 22 times, that he couldn't do what he eventually did."" "
"President Barack Obama made ""unilateral changes"" to Obamacare ""38 times."" "
"More than 1 million Texans live without affordable health care because Rick Perry failed to ""partner with the Legislature to find a Texas solution to closing the coverage gap."" "
"""In general, it appears"" Wisconsin’s right to work bill would ""likely apply to"" the Green Bay Packers players and their union. "
"""When you have 8,000 veterans a year committing suicide, then you have a serious problem."" "
"he ""often"" appeared on The O’Reilly Factor and ""often was praised"" by Bill O'Reilly. "
"""The Clintons' foundation took millions from foreign governments"" including United Arab Emirates and Saudi Arabia. "
she has opposed measures to weaken the Dodd-Frank Wall Street regulatory bill and campaign-finance legislation when they were offered as stand-alone bills. 
"Thirty U.S. cities have Triple A baseball teams and ""virtually everyone of them [is] playing in government owned ballparks."" "
The potential Iran nuclear agreement would limit Iran to the number of centrifuges needed for a weapon but too few for a nuclear power program. 
Georgia’s share of money from the Federal Highway Trust Fund declined 12 percent between 2008 and 2013. 
"""Georgia lawmaker pushes bill banning creation of ‘glow in the dark’ human-jellyfish hybrids."" "
"Homeopathy, acupuncture and aromatherapy ""have been given elevated legitimacy under the Affordable Care Act."" "
"""We live in the most incarcerated country in the world."" "
"""One third of our age group (Millennials) have moved back in with their parents."" "
"""22 times Barack Obama said he did not have the authority to implement this type of"" anti-deportation ""measure. And then the day after he signed this into law, he said, quote, ‘I just changed the law.’"" "
"Last year, ""we saw the first reduction in the federal prison population in 32 years."" "
"Cigarette butts ""poison babies and small children because of the nicotine in them."" "
"A bill to eliminate Delta Air Lines’ jet fuel tax breaks ""violates federal law and puts the state at risk of losing critical funding from the Federal Aviation Administration."" "
"""When did the decline of coal start? It started when natural gas took off … that started to begin in (President George W.) Bush’s administration."" "
"""Measles is one of the most common causes of child blindness worldwide."" "
"UW-Madison ""spent down reserves"" as it was told to do two years ago and, facing new state budget cuts, has ""no more reserves to spend down.""   "
"""200,000 students attempt suicide every year on college campuses."" "
"""Texas has more full-time state employees per capita than California and Illinois."" "
"ISIS sends out ""90,000 social (media) messages a day."" "
"The Department of Homeland Security is ""the only federal department not funded for this entire fiscal year"" by Congress. "
"""Monarch butterflies are becoming extinct"" because of increased use of crops genetically modified to withstand pesticides. "
"Ninety-six percent of failing schools are spending above $8,400, the average annual per student expenditure, and 26 percent spend considerably more than that.   "
"The woman named Wisconsin’s 2010 ""outstanding teacher of the year"" was laid off by the Milwaukee Public Schools that year under ""seniority and tenure rules"" that were eliminated by his Act 10 changes. "
"""Austin has more lobbyists working for it than any other municipality in Texas."" "
"""Oil companies can obtain an acre of public land for less than the price of a Big Mac."" "
"In states that have private-sale background checks for handguns ""49 percent fewer women are shot and killed.""   "
"""Nearly one in five women in America has been a victim of rape or attempted rape."" "
"""By spring 2014, parents of 60,000 students in New York state had refused to let them take the Common Core Tests.""        "
Our median household income in 2013 was the highest in the nation. 
"Alabamians ""haven’t changed their opinion"" on same-sex marriage since voting to ban it in 2006. "
"In the past year, DeKalb has ""attracted and retained more than 2,300 jobs."" "
"Hispanic students in Florida perform ""the best"" of any Hispanic population in the United States. "
"Borrowing in my 2015-’17 state budget is less than half that in my  predecessor’s last budget and ""the lowest it has been in a decade."" "
"""The 2012 National Survey on Drug Use and Health found that up to half of daily marijuana smokers become addicted -- an estimated 2.7 million people in the U.S."" "
"""If you look at the income of average Americans...they’re absolutely flat in constant dollars since 1979."" "
DeKalb County has graduated five police academies and three fire academies to help reach its ambitious hiring goals in both departments. 
"""The Obama administration is refusing to directly arm the Kurds.""   "
"""There are countries in Africa where they have higher vaccination rates than here in the United States."" "
"Louisiana’s film incentives program is so big ""they actually shot an upcoming film initially titled ‘Don’t Mess With Texas’ in New Orleans!"" "
"The group that organized Texas Muslim Capitol Day in Austin ""was recently listed as one of 82 organizations designated as a terrorist group by the United Arab Emirates."" "
"a ""lawmaker seeks to defund Planned Parenthood for ‘cutting children into small pieces.’"" "
"""Scott Walker to cut $300 million from universities, spend $500 million on a pro basketball stadium."" "
The governor’s budget proposal reduces the state austerity cut to education to under $500 million for 2016. 
"""Millions of people have given up looking for work altogether."" "
"""If someone is in a room that has measles and leaves and you walk in two hours later, you could get measles from that person."" "
"Ronald Reagan ""banned ownership of fully automatic rifles. He supported the assault weaspons ban."" "
"Science is ""very certain"" that the measles vaccine doesn't cause autism. "
"Under Common Core standards, it takes ""more than a minute"" to teach a student ""how to add nine plus six."" "
"Texas has ""the lowest crime rate in this state since 1968"" because of changes in law regarding nonviolent drug offenders. "
"""Since I took office, over 319,000 new private sector jobs have been created in Georgia with nearly 93,000 of those coming in the past 12 months."" "
"""Amazing fact: Senate has already voted on more amendments in 2015 than Reid allowed ALL YEAR last year.""  "
"""More people have watched ‘Morning Joe’ than CNN and HLN 5 years in a row."" "
"""GEORGIA ROADWAY FATALITIES THIS YEAR: 59 PLEASE DRIVE SAFELY""   "
"""It used to be that the only children at school who weren't vaccinated were those who had true medical"" conditions. ""Now there are 19 states that allow personal belief exemptions."" "
"""Today the top 1 percent earn a higher share of our national income than any year since 1928."" "
"More ""than 80 percent of sex trafficking victims in America are U.S. citizens."" "
"""When you look at the earned income tax credit, it has about a 25 percent fraud rate. We're looking at $20 billion to $30 billion."" "
"The Affordable Care Act ""basically puts a penalty or a tax on employers for every new job they create."" "
"Atmospheric conditions could push a football’s pressure ""down approximately one-and-a-half pounds per square inch."" "
"""Insured Floridians pay about $2,000 for every hospital stay to cover the cost of the uninsured."" "
"""College tuition rates in Texas jumped by 55% since 2003."" "
"Only ""18 percent of jobs are accessible by transit for metro Atlanta residents. 33 percent for those living in the city."" "
"""In Iraq and Syria, American leadership, including our military power, is stopping (the Islamic State’s) advance."" "
"Since Gov. Nathan Deal office in 2011, the state’s rainy day fund has grown by 643 percent. "
"Assault weapons and handguns are allowed in the state Capitol while bullhorns, trumpets, helium balloons and flags on poles are banned. "
The Republican Party has not won a presidential election without either a Bush or a Nixon on the ticket since 1928.   
Mercedes-Benz USA  moving its headquarters to Atlanta will create at least 800 jobs. 
"Democrats have ""lost more than 900 state legislators"" since Barack Obama has been president.   "
"Middle-class Americans ""pay a higher tax rate than millionaires and billionaires."" "
"""The right to vote in this country has never been intrinsically tied to citizenship."" "
"Online voter registration is a ""more secure"" way of doing voter registration. "
"""Obamacare has caused millions of full-time jobs to become part-time."" "
"The merger of Georgia State University and Georgia Perimeter College will make GSU one of the largest universities in the nation, with more than 54,000 students. "
"Since Rick Perry became governor, ""poverty rates in Texas increased from 15.1% to 17.5% — which is higher than the national average."" "
"Starting in December 2007, ""1.4 million jobs were created in Texas. In that same period, the rest of the country lost 400,000 jobs."" "
"The economy is ""creating jobs at the fastest pace since 1999."" "
"In President Barack Obama’s 2015 State of the Union address, ""the words ‘al-Qaida’ were never used, the first time those words have not been used in a State of the Union address since February 2001."" "
"""Our unemployment rate is now lower than it was before the financial crisis."" "
"""America is No. 1 one in oil and gas.""   "
"""Since 2010, America has put more people back to work than Europe, Japan, and all advanced economies combined."" "
"The United States is ""the only advanced country on Earth"" that doesn’t guarantee ""paid maternity leave to our workers."" "
"The religious liberty bill proposed in the Georgia House of Representatives does not specifically exclude corporations, which means they can legally claim a religious exemption. "
"""A strong majority of Americans support"" the Keystone XL pipeline. "
"We've seen ""our deficits cut by two-thirds."" "
"""Today, home sales are up nearly 50 percent from where they were in the worst of the crisis."" "
"""We’ve doubled the production of clean energy."" "
"""If you ask how many times did Ronald Reagan attend a fundraiser when he ran for re-election in 1984, the answer is eight times. If you say how many times did Barack Obama attend a fundraiser in 2012, the answer is 228 times."" "
"Over the past five years, the American automobile industry has ""created about 500,000 new jobs."" "
"""Factories are opening their doors at the fastest pace in almost two decades."" "
The state covered a smaller percentage of the cost of K-12 education in 2013 than it did in 2002. 
"Federal officials declared that grant funds ""could be used only for Milwaukee's streetcar project,"" meaning it ""isn’t possible"" to redirect the money to ""other modes of public transportation or to our public schools."" "
"""Supreme Court 15 times over the last 120 years has said marriage is a fundamental right"" and never said ""it had to be between a man and a woman."" "
"Mitt Romney ""pays less tax than the guys who installed his car elevators."" "
"""Currently, Florida is one of only five states in the nation that prohibit citizens from buying electricity from companies that will put solar panels on your home or business."" "
"The streetcar project planned by Mayor Tom Barrett would be a ""1900s style trolley."" "
"""There’s nothing in the [RhodeMap RI] plan that takes away local government control and local zoning control."" "
"""Georgia is now the eighth most populous state in the nation, moving from the number 10 position in just four years."" "
"he ""secured the highest possible bond rating"" for the city of Tampa. "
"Milwaukee ""incarcerates 1.2% of white men"" and has ""incarcerated over 50% of black men in their 30s."" "
"Mitch McConnell credits Republicans ""for recent economic improvements"" even though they took control of the Senate only ""days ago.""   "
Mercedes said high taxes and the cost of doing business in New Jersey worked to Georgia’s advantage in landing the company's USA corporate headquarters.   
"""I belong to the AFL-CIO.""   "
"""The average family not in the top 10 percent makes less money today than they were making a generation ago."" "
"A private company building a natural gas pipeline into Florida ""is being forced to spend months under the review of six federal agencies."" "
"Administrative employees at colleges and universities have ""more than doubled over the last 25 years, outpacing the growth of students by more than 2 to 1."" "
"The CIA paid two psychologists $81 million ""to develop and run their torture program."" "
"State ""school funding per pupil is down 16 percent compared to 2009, after adjusting for inflation."" "
"""After World War II, we tried, convicted, and, in some cases, executed Japanese soldiers for war crimes that included charges of waterboarding."" "
"""January through November 2014, the year so far, were the hottest first 11 months of any year recorded."" "
"Western Europeans ""can fly in the United States without even having a visa."" "
"""Colorado raked in $60 million in marijuana taxes and licensing fees in the past year."" "
"The ""average taxpayer will see the equivalent of a 2 percent pay raise as a result of low fuel prices."" "
"""There have been some estimates that if you deported everybody who is in Texas illegally,"" it ""would create an economic recession for the state."" "
"Agriculture contributes $71 billion to Georgia’s economy annually, making it the state’s largest industry. "
"""Since 9/11, right-wing extremists (incl anti-abortion, anti-gov) have killed more Americans than Islamic extremists."" "
"Under the ""cromnibus"" law, taxpayers must guarantee ""incredibly risky"" derivatives deals made by the nation's largest banks.   "
"Only 42 percent of young Georgians have a college certificate or degree, but soon 60 percent of jobs will require some college credential. "
"Jeb Bush ""not only opposes marriage equality, he’s said he ‘personally’ believes gay couples should be banned from adopting children."" "
" President Barack Obama's own administration has done five environmental impact assessments of the Keystone XL pipeline, ""all of which have said it would have a minimum impact on the environment.""     "
"""We're now the No. 1 producer of oil in the world. We've surpassed Saudi Arabia.""   "
"Graduation rates of players at major football colleges ""are still twenty points below their male campus peers and worsened in the past three years."" "
"""The President has decided to move forward with executive actions on immigration that he has said on numerous occasions that he didn’t have the constitutional power to take."" "
"""Texas families have kept more than $10 billion in their family budgets since we successfully fought to restore Texas' sales tax deduction a decade ago."" "
"that in 2008, President Barack Obama said normalization with Cuba would first require ""liberation of all political prisoners and some basic steps toward freedom, including freedom of the press, political parties, labor unions.""   "
"The United States ""decided waterboarding was torture back when we court-martialed American soldiers for waterboarding Philippine insurgents in the Philippine revolution."" "
"Only 20 colleges and universities ""have athletic departments with revenue exceeding expenses."" "
"""My wife is going to be the first Hispanic first lady in the history of Texas."" "
"""We have a system now where in 40 states, the highest-paid public employee is the state university’s head football or basketball coach."" "
"""We're spending millions for each individual"" held at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. "
"Since the United States began negotiations with Iran, ""that's probably the first year and a half in which Iran has not advanced its nuclear program in the last decade.""   "
"""Surveys of teens in high school reveal that knowing a classmate who sells cannabis is 90 times more common than knowing a classmate who sells alcohol."" "
"""The reason why Cubans don't have access to 21st century telecommunications — like smart phones, like access to the Internet — is because it is illegal in Cuba."" "
"Two-thirds of the federal budget is ""permanent law ... it's permanently appropriated."" "
"""A lot of what (Cuba’s) survival depends on is Venezuelan oil money, which is drying up."" "
"In the U.S. agreement with the Cuban government, ""no commitment was made to allowing the establishment of political parties or to even begin the semblance of a transition to a democracy."" "
"3,000 Americans ""died of gunfire"" between the time of the Ebola scare in Dallas and the midterm elections. "
"""This Congress made history as the least productive, most unpopular Congress in the history of this proud nation."" "
"""My property taxes went down largely because my technical college portion went down 35.5% because of the money we put in at state."" "
"The authors of a report on CIA’s torture techniques ""never interviewed a single CIA official."" "
"The home-mortgage deduction is widely thought to be ""a middle-class benefit. It's not -- 73 percent of it goes to people making a quarter-million dollars or more a year."" "
"""Site selectors who decide where businesses expand or relocate shun closed shop states like Wisconsin in favor of Right to Work states like Iowa, Indiana and Michigan."" "
A bill from U.S. Rep. Ted Yoho attempts to restrict the administration's ability to conduct national security and criminal background checks on undocumented immigrants. 
"""It has been many years, if ever, since an inmate has completed his or her high school diploma while incarcerated in a state correctional facility for adults."" "
"The federal budget bill ""reauthorizes the Overseas Private Investment Corporation, which provides taxpayer dollars so that the Four Seasons hotel can build a resort in Turkey."" "
"The U.S. has ""5 percent of the world’s population, 25 percent of the world’s known prison population."" "
"""Bill Howell has been the consistent force behind every major tax increase in Virginia in the last decade."" "
"When Colorado  eased its medical marijuana laws, fatal accidents involving pot-using drivers soared while overall traffic fatalities decreased. "
"""The United States right now incarcerates more African-Americans as a percentage than apartheid South Africa did.""   "
"Mike ""Martinez has voted to raise taxes and utility rates while ending free bus service for seniors."" "
"University of Texas students ""signed a petition seeking the legal right to abort newborn babies up to five-years-old."" "
"""Mike Martinez cut a deal with prosecutors to avoid facing possible jail time and stuck us with his $24,657.50 legal bill."" "
"""We are younger than our competitors, and this is entirely because of immigration."" "
"Unlike marijuana, medical cannabis oil cannot get you high. "
"""More than 70 percent of American adults have committed a crime that could lead to imprisonment."" "
"President Barack Obama ""has lost more members of the House and more members of the Senate than any president ever has lost"" in modern times. "
"""There are more African American men in prison, jail, on probation or parole than were enslaved in 1850."" "
"Thirty-eight states -- Georgia not included -- have appointed, rather than elected, state school superintendents. "
"At the 50 Milwaukee schools serving ""at least 80% African-American and at least 80% low income"" students, the reading proficiency is 8%. "
"""In 1990, the U.S. led the world in the percentage of 25-34 year olds with college degrees. Today we are in 12th place."" "
"President Barack Obama ""said over 20 times he did not have the legal authority"" to act as he did on immigration. "
"""A golf course closes somewhere in America every 48 hours."" "
"Barack Obama has ""the worst record of any president when it comes to putting America deeper in debt."" "
"In 2010, uninsured voters made up ""about 5 percent of the electorate."" "
"""Too many"" tattoos ""on visible body parts"" keep some applicants out of the military. "
"""The number of killings of citizens by police is at a two-decade high."" "
"""We’re borrowing 20% of (the federal) budget."" "
"Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed became a city resident in the last annexation, opening the door to his candidacy. "
"The poorest counties in the U.S. are in Appalachia and ""happen to be more than 90 percent white."" "
"""Wisconsin’s state budget is almost twice as large per person as the state budget of Texas, and even after billions in tax cuts, Wisconsin’s working families and businesses remain subject to a heavy tax burden."" "
"""Every president since Eisenhower has taken executive action to address immigration issues."" "
"Rhode Island's legislature is ""the strongest in the country."" "
Wisconsin is below the national average in wage growth and job growth.   
"""Our median income here in Providence is the same as the median income in Mississippi."" "
"""93 percent of blacks in America are killed by other blacks."" "
"Citing his efforts to secure the border, Obama said, ""Overall, the number of people trying to cross our border illegally is the lowest it has been since the 1970s."" "
"""Texas had the worst voter participation in the country"" in the November 2014 elections. "
"""99 percent of the time police officers aren't charged when they kill young people of color."" "
"""Turkeys today weigh 29.8 pounds. In the ‘30s, they weighed 13.2 pounds."" "
"On immigration, what reports say President Barack Obama ""plans to do is roughly on the same scale"" as what President George H.W. Bush did.   "
"""The NRA supported background checks..."" "
"""There are more people living in this country who were not born here than at anytime in the history of the country."" "
"""The actions I’m taking"" are ""the kinds of actions taken by every single Republican president and every single Democratic president for the past half-century."" "
"Austin mayoral candidate Steve Adler opposed an injunction to stop a ""company from dumping petrochemicals directly into the Barton Springs aquifer."" "
"""Fox News uses photo of a married couple promoting ‘traditional marriage’ and the photo is actually of a same-sex couple."" "
"In Wisconsin, unions can essentially give ""unlimited"" contributions to political parties, but business can't give any.  "
"Scott Walker ""couldn’t get his own party"" to back more than a 500-student increase in Milwaukee’s school choice program, but in Indiana, ""Mitch Daniels’ voucher program is approaching 30,000 students two years after opening."" "
"The Orange County, Florida, school board ""voted to make it impossible for a student to receive a grade below 50."" "
Georgia ranks No. 9 in the rate of women murdered by men. 
"Repeal of Obamacare would ""take away health care for 10.3 million Americans"" who have received coverage since Oct. 1, 2013. "
"""Over the last few years, we’ve put more people back to work than all the other advanced economies combined."" "
Georgia has some of the highest gas taxes in the Southeast but one of the lowest taxes on gasoline for transportation in the nation. 
"""No one was taken into custody"" for feeding the homeless. "
"""The Democratic leader in the Senate, Harry Reid, has blocked any vote on the Keystone pipeline for years."" "
"""Proximity to high-voltage power lines lowers property values by as much as 30 percent."" "
"Austin mayoral candidate ""Steve Adler admitted his law firm worked with Koch Industries for nearly a decade."" "
"Republicans approved 12 times larger tax breaks for ""people making over 350 grand"" than for ""the average middle-class person."" "
Georgia has the country’s second highest number of fraudulent tax refund claims.   
"Amendment 2 on medical marijuana won a higher percentage of the vote than the last six Florida governors, including Jeb Bush’s 2002 landslide. "
"Obama's net neutrality proposal ""puts the government in charge of determining Internet pricing, terms of service and what types of products and services can be delivered."" "
"""Every single day in this country, 1,000 people are deported and the vast majority of those people that are deported aren't criminals."" "
"""The president of the United States came in the Tuesday before the election in a ward that went 99% for him in the last election and they couldn't even (increase) the vote there."" "
"Congress has 11 percent approval ratings, yet 96.4 percent of incumbent lawmakers were re-elected in 2014. "
Georgia has led the nation in student fatalities caused by motorists illegally passing stopped school buses. 
"Every new Republican member of the U.S. Senate said they ""will vote to repeal and replace Obamacare."" "
"New Jersey has had ""seven credit downgrades"" since Chris Christie became governor. "
"""We've created more jobs in the United States than every other advanced economy combined since I came into office."" "
"""I’ll be the only economist in the (U.S.) House."" "
I spent only $36.29 on my campaign for governor. 
"""America’s least-trusted news sources are also its most popular."" "
"""Among the developed nations, we are the least economically and socially mobile country in the world."" "
"2014 midterm election spending by ""the left and the right are both equal."" "
"The last time Republican U.S. Senate candidates ""beat more than two (incumbents) was 1980."" "
"""Kansas has not elected somebody other than a Republican (to the U.S. Senate) since before 'The Wizard of Oz' hit the movie theaters."" "
"""We have the third-lowest minimum wage … of developed countries."" "
"U.S. Senate candidate Michelle Nunn was ""handpicked"" by President Barack Obama "
"Scott Brown ""voted to reward"" companies ""to ship jobs overseas."" "
"The gender gap in his support is ""not unique to me"" and ""there’s not a huge gap from where Republicans have been in presidential, gubernatorial and US Senate elections"" in recent years. "
"Rick Scott ""spent $800,000 of your tax dollars upgrading the Governor's Mansion."" "
"Wisconsin Republicans ""repealed a statewide fair pay law"" that made ""sure women are treated fairly on the job."" "
Nathan Deal saved the HOPE scholarship program. 
"""The nation as a whole has created jobs at a rate that is two times the rate that we have created jobs here in Wisconsin under Gov. Walker."" "
"""All of Liberia can produce less than one-third as much electricity as the Dallas Cowboys football stadium consumes at peak times."" "
"""Before World War II, very few people actually had health insurance."" "
"his promise of 250,000 new private sector jobs was a ""big goal."" "
"""The Austin Tea Party and an ultra-conservative millionaire are behind the"" campaign against the city’s light-rail proposition. "
"Greg Abbott has benefitted from ""payday lenders who have given him $300,000 and then received a ruling from him that they can operate in a loophole in the law that allows them to charge unlimited rates and fees."" "
"""You cannot get (Ebola) from just riding on a plane or bus."" "
"Figures for September 2014’s job growth in Wisconsin mark the ""largest private-sector job creation we've had in the month of September in more than a decade"" "
"the 1956 Republican Party platform supported equal pay, the minimum wage, asylum for refugees, protections for unions and more. "
"Scott Walker ""gave $6 million in tax breaks to a corporation and told them that they can keep that money even if they lay off half their workforce."" "
"Democrats give ""Newports to the homeless to get them to the polls."" "
"Sen. Rand Paul’s 2011 budget ""included a big cut in the CDC.""   "
"""$2.4 million of the NIH dollars was spent on ‘origami’ condoms."" "
"""Money towards the Ebola vaccine is basically cut in half to what it was. More cuts are coming under the congressional sequester."" "
"Ed Gillespie’s ""firm even lobbied for five foreign governments, including a dictator now awaiting trial for war crimes."" "
"Scott Walker is ""forcing some women to undergo a transvaginal probe to get an abortion.""   "
"""95 percent of job creators say Wisconsin is headed in the right direction."" "
"""Governor Carcieri has not been campaigning with me."" "
Jason Carter never passed a bill in his tenure in the state Senate.   
"A lawyer demanded ""several Houston pastors hand over to the city government many of their private papers, including their sermons."" "
"Scott Walker cut funding to local governments in Wisconsin, contributing to the ""second-largest increase in violent crime"" in the Midwest.   "
"Mark Pryor ""votes with Obama 93 percent of the time."" "
"""We've had 27 (Ebola) outbreaks around the globe and they've never spread outside of the confines of the countries that were initially affected."" "
"David Perdue wants to abolish the U.S. Department of Education, which would cost Georgia schools $1 billion a year and eliminate millions in student loans. "
"Jeanne Shaheen has ""voted with the president 99 percent of the time."" "
Rick Scott says he supported in-state tuition for Dreamers while Charlie Crist was against it. 
"""When I go on Letterman"" the ""ratings go up."" "
David Perdue built his business career outsourcing American jobs. 
"a bill he vetoed to give driver licenses to certain immigrants known as Dreamers would have changed ""nothing."" "
"""Ninety-five percent of Oregonians now have health insurance coverage, tens of thousands for the very first time."" "
"""I was speaking out on pension reform almost 17 years ago."" "
"In 1968 ""the average corporate CEO made 20 times the average worker’s pay. Today that multiple is about 350."" "
"""In the past three years, we have prosecuted or brought more cases on access to public records than in the previous 12 years combined."" "
"""More than 70,000"" job openings are listed on a state jobs website.   "
Almost every state has offered an insurance plan on its health exchange that does not cover abortion. 
"""Every time somebody new gets the Ebola virus, it mutates."" "
"Under Scott Walker's ""tax plan, the average Wisconsin taxpayer got just $11 a month. But corporations got $610 million in tax cuts. Millionaires got at least $1,400 per year."" "
Jeb Bush -- not Charlie Crist -- signed legislation that let Duke Energy collect money for nuclear projects. 
"If Florida expanded Medicaid, ""some studies indicate it would create about 120,000 jobs."" "
"""Weeks after accepting a quarter-million-dollar campaign contribution"" from a hospital board chairman, Greg Abbott went to court against victims of a drug-taking neurosurgeon. "
"My office sends federal ""money back every year."" "
"The Greenlight Pinellas 1-cent sales tax ""is permanent, we never get to vote on this again."" "
"Raising the minimum wage to $10.10 an hour, ""would help lift over a million Americans out of poverty."" "
"Raising the minimum wage to $10.10 an hour ""will destroy between half a million and one million jobs."" "
"Rick Scott changed his promise from 700,000 jobs created ""on top of what normal growth would be"" to just 700,000 jobs. "
"""As mayor, [Allan Fung] raised taxes three times."" "
PolitiFact has ruled that Ed Gillespie’s ads are false and misleading. 
"""An overwhelming majority of Republican and Democrat law enforcement leaders have endorsed Brad Schimel."" "
David Perdue did not support the 2014 farm bill that U.S. Sens. Isakson and Chambliss did. 
"""The CBO says if we raise the minimum wage the way Charlie (Crist) wants to do it, it would lose 500,000 jobs."" "
"If Florida had not taken the stimulus, it ""would have led to the firing of 20,000 teachers."" "
"""832,000 people lost their job while (Charlie Crist was) governor."" "
"""In Massachusetts, Scott Brown pushed for a law to force women considering abortion -- force them -- to look at color photographs of developing fetuses."" "
"""Every year the average woman loses around $11,000 to the wage gap,"" which amounts to ""a $500,000 vagina tax"" over her working career. "
"Scott Brown ""co-sponsored legislation to let employers deny women coverage for birth control."" "
"""The states that have raised the minimum wage (this year) have had faster job growth than the states that haven’t raised the minimum wage."" "
"Leticia Van de Putte ""opposed putting National Guard troops on the border, would send millions to Central American governments instead and wrote the law giving in-state tuition to illegal immigrants."" "
"In North Carolina, ""now we're near the national average"" for unemployment. "
"Muslim nations did not ""call out"" the people who celebrated the 9/11 attacks. "
"The cost of ""health care is now the single-biggest factor driving down"" the federal budget deficit. "
"""The Common Core was not put together by the Department of Education in Washington. It was put together by governors and by states.""   "
The state’s overall revenues only returned this year to 2007 levels. 
"Thom Tillis ""has cut $500 million from public education."" "
"""TSA WILL ACCEPT DRIVERS PRIV CARDS FOR ID AT THE AIRPORT"" "
"Saudi Arabia is ""the only Muslim country out of 47 Muslim-majority countries"" where women cannot get licenses to drive. "
"More women were killed by their husbands or boyfriends since Sept. 11 than ""all the Americans who were killed by 9/11 or in Afghanistan and Iraq."" "
"Rick Scott signed ""laws requiring mandatory ultrasounds and restricting access to abortion even in cases of rape or incest."" "
"Thom Tillis ""refuses to say what we should do to combat ISIS."" "
"""When I took office, the deficit was nearly 10 percent of our economy. Today, it's approaching 3 percent."" "
"Mark Warner ""has supported restrictions on veterans’ second amendment rights."" "
"Under Rick Scott, there has been a ""historic $20 billion in funds for education."" "
"""In the last six years of Cianci’s administration violent crime was down in the United States. It was down in the region. It was down in Rhode Island. But it was up in Providence.""   "
"""Hospitals have already begun layoffs, a direct result of Republican inaction"" on Medicaid expansion. "
"Under sequestration, the military was cut ""down to the smallest Army since 1940, the smallest Navy since 1915."" "
"""We have a retiree that is collecting a $17,000 paycheck a month . . . tax free."" "
"""Most people in New Hampshire want to raise the minimum wage. (State Rep. Marilinda) Garcia opposes it."" "
"Republican House candidate Marilinda Garcia ""even opposes closing the loophole that allows dangerous criminals to get a gun without a background check."" "
"female genital mutilation is ""a central African problem,"" not an Islamic problem, as Bill Maher suggested. "
"Sen. Kay Hagan ""has missed half of the (Senate Armed Services) Committee's hearings in 2014."" "
"Dan Patrick said that if women ""get paid less than a man for the same job, that that’s not a problem."" "
"""We have 41,000 people right now on the waitlist for financial-based assistance for our tech colleges and universities,"" most of them for tech schools. "
"""[When I was mayor] Providence was one of the five renaissance cities of America, according to USA Today in those days. Money magazine said it was the fifth best city to live in in America. In addition to that, All Cities Almanac said in 1994, I believe, that it was the safest city in America."" "
"U.S. Rep. Steve Southerland ""voted to keep the shutdown going."" "
"David Perdue ""proposes rolling back the clock on women’s health care.""   "
"personhood legislation she sponsored would not have restricted access to reproductive services and was ""simply a statement that I support life."" "
"Based on current trends, ""15.5 million girls will be married in the next 16 years as children."" "
"Under Scott Walker, ""right now, we’re 46th in the country in terms of new businesses started.""   "
"In the last 10 years, Georgia’s middle class income has dropped $6,500.   "
"President Barack Obama has launched ""twice as many strikes (on) countries that are predominantly Muslim"" than President George W. Bush. "
"Countries with a higher minimum wage than the United States’ $7.25 an hour include Denmark at $21, Australia at $15.81, Germany at $11 and France at $12.35. "
"""Thanks to our reforms, the average family will have an extra $322 to spend."" "
"Greg Abbott ""has campaigned with a sexual predator who has bragged about having sex with underage girls."" "
"Rick Scott ""pled the Fifth 75 times to avoid jail for Medicare fraud."" "
"Austin has ""over 1,000 city employees that make six-figure salaries."" "
"""Countries bombed: Obama 7, Bush 4"" "
"Scott Walker cut ""taxes for the wealthiest"" and raised taxes ""on 140,000 Wisconsin families.""   "
"""Every time [the people from Newport Tent] work in a city or town they have a whole different set of permits that they have to get in order to pitch a tent."" "
"""The FBI is involved in an investigation about people in the Rio Grande Valley who are using cocaine to buy votes.""       "
"Greg Abbott ""heads up a party whose platform calls for the repeal of the Voting Rights Act."" "
"Jason Carter ""actually opposed more funding for education in the Senate."" "
"opponent Mary Burke says she ""supports Obamacare unequivocally and wants to expand it."" "
Georgia can substantially increase its funding for education by going after $2.5 billion in uncollected taxes. 
"Sen. Mark Begich is ineffective because he has only ""passed one bill, the naming of a building."" "
"The U.S. Constitution is ""the oldest written constitution still in use today"" among nations. "
"""The state budget has increased almost $800 million a year in each of the last two years.""       "
"Americans now ""support strikes (against ISIS) but the support for ground troops is not there. The support is very thin."" "
"""Last week's three most-viewed television programs were Sunday Night Football, Thursday Night Football and Monday Night Football.""  "
"""When I left office, there was a $7-million surplus in Providence,"" but in 2008, the city had a $110-million deficit. "
"In 2012, ""Wall Street"" gave Scott Brown ""more campaign contributions than any other candidate -- $5.3 million."" "
"""The U.S. State Department has ordered 160,000 Hazmat suits for Ebola, prompting concerns that the federal government is anticipating the rapid spread"" of the virus. "
Fox News gave Republican senators twice the air time as Democrats during a hearing about the Islamic State. 
"The Obama administration is using as its ""legal justification for these airstrikes (on the Islamic State), an authorization for military force that the president himself has called for repeal of.""   "
"""There is no state in the U.S. where a 40-hour minimum wage work week is enough to afford a two-bedroom apartment."" "
"""Much more than 50 percent of parents out there are spankers.""   "
"""57% of the jobs created"" in Austin ""from 2009 to 2013 do not pay families a living wage."" "
"Since I took office, ""Wisconsin ranks 11th in the nation in total business establishment growth compared to 47th in the years Mary Burke was Commerce secretary."" "
"""New Hampshire has lost more jobs to China than any other state."" "
"""More than three women per day lose their lives at the hands of their partners."" "
"Of the 98 top oxycodone-dispensing doctors who used to live in Florida, ""today, there are none."" "
"Children who witness domestic violence are ""twice as likely to commit it themselves.""   "
"""Income inequality is worse in towns run by Democrat mayors than in towns run by Republican mayors."" "
"""Nick Rahall voted with Obama 94 percent of the time."" "
"Women still do not get paid as much as men, even ""for the same work, period."" "
"NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell interviewed domestic abuse victim Janay Rice with Ray Rice present and for ""every domestic violence agency, every law enforcement agency, that’s a no-no."" "
"""The president referred to the Syrian opposition just a few months ago as pharmacists and doctors, and so on.""   "
"""Over 40 of our 100 (House of) Delegates seats go uncontested every year, and over 40 percent of our state senate seats go uncontested every year."" "
"Glenn Grothman pushed through state tax credits that when phased in, ""someone that owns a factory that produces millions in income"" will pay ""less tax than their nephew would if he worked full time at Taco Bell for minimum wage.""   "
"More people are apprehended after illegally crossing the U.S.-Mexico border a week ""than are born in Texas each week."" "
"President Obama ""has never made a statement ... that he wanted a residual force left (in Iraq)."" "
"""The Republican Party has the worst reputation in American polling of any political party in history.""   "
Michelle Nunn has acknowledged allowing a convicted felon to hold a fundraiser for her. 
"""(Obama's) entire national security team, including his secretary of state, said we want to arm and train and equip (Syrian rebel forces), and he made the unilateral decision to turn them down.""   "
"Rick Scott ""thinks employers should be able to deny women coverage for birth control."" "
"In Tripoli, ""jihadists today swim in our embassy pool."" "
"Saturday Night Live executive producer ""Lorne Michaels could be put in jail under this amendment for making fun of any politician."" "
"""Wisconsin does not have a deficit. Thanks to Republican reforms, the 2014 budget will begin with a $443 million surplus."" "
"""Under Rick Scott, homeowners are paying higher (home insurance) premiums for less coverage."" "
"A poll found that ""20% of young adults use (smartphones) during sex."" "
"Mary Burke’s Madison school district ""will be the only school district left in the state"" to ""ignore the (Act 10) law"" in the 2015-16 school year. "
"Democratic Senate candidate ""Bruce Braley voted to cut $700 billion from Medicare to support Obamacare."" "
"The United States has ""the highest corporate tax rate in the free world."" "
"Virginia Democrats recently enforced voter ID rules that were ""considerably more stringent than those contained in the state law they denounce."" "
"""Federal investigators found a company that (David Perdue) ran discriminated against women -- paid them less than men for the same work.""   "
"""Social Security has never contributed one cent to the deficit. Not one cent."" "
"""Miller Brewing is not a U.S. company any more. Neither is Anheuser-Busch."" "
"""Eight out of the nine states with competitive Senate races, Hispanics make up less than 10 percent of the electorate."" "
"""Scott Walker cut school funding more per student than any governor in America."" "
"""Big Oil gave Scott Brown $454,260."" "
Opponent Glenn Hegar expressed pride in legislated cuts to public school funding. 
"""We cut our deficits by more than half."" "
"In Georgia, Perdue’s company closed plants and moved jobs to China.  "
"""McDonald’s workers in Denmark have a union. Earn $45,000/year."" "
"Pinnacle Overlook in Southwest Virginia is ""closer to eight other state capitals than to Richmond.""   "
"The United States had ""allies lined up"" for air strikes in Syria and then Obama ""pulled the rug out."" "
"""Wisconsin’s dead last in Midwest job growth."" "
"In the latest jobs numbers Wisconsin ""ranked third in the Midwest."" "
"Greg Abbott was ""charged with overseeing the state cancer research fund. But he let his wealthiest donors take tens of millions of taxpayer dollars without proper oversight. They showered Abbott with gifts and free vacations."" "
"""The pension fund in the city of Providence is only 30 percent funded, about the same level as when he [Taveras] took office."" "
"After merging with Tim Hortons of Canada, Burger King is ""not moving. … Our headquarters will remain in Miami"" and ""(we) will continue to pay all of our federal, state and local U.S. taxes."" "
"In 2012, there were nearly 12.2 million arrests and only 410 ""uses of deadly force"" by police in the United States. "
"""There have been at least 100 shootings each year [Angel Taveras] has been mayor"" of Providence. "
"Al Sharpton went to Ferguson, Mo., and is ""declaring as a matter of fact that ... Michael Brown didn't use any deadly force or posed no deadly threat to the officer."" "
"""In 1952, the corporate income tax accounted for 33 percent of all federal tax revenue. Today, despite record-breaking profits, corporate taxes bring in less than 9 percent."" "
"Rick Scott took $200,000 from a family that leased land for drilling ""and now he is trying to hide from it."" "
"""Cory Gardner is sponsoring a bill to ban all abortions right now."" "
"Wisconsin is ""dead last in income growth"" among midwestern states during Gov. Scott Walker’s term. "
"""My campaign alone has created more jobs in the state of Rhode Island than Narragansett Beer."" "
"he holds the record for ""most appearances on 'Meet the Press'."" "
"President Barack Obama released a statement on the ""death of brother Robin Williams before ... a statement on brother Michael Brown."" "
"Wisconsin is ""38th in the country in terms of proficiency standards"" in student testing. "
"Police in the United States are allowed to use tear gas even though it ""has been classified as a chemical weapon and banned in international conflict since 1993."" "
"""The growth rate of women-owned businesses in Texas has nearly doubled that of the nation since President Obama has taken office."" "
"""Over 60 percent of the provisional ballots cast in [the 2012] election were disqualified because those folks were not duly registered as voters."" "
"Ponzi schemer Scott Rothstein ""gave hundreds of thousands of campaign cash to control Crist’s appointments of key state judges."" "
"""The United States is the only industrialized country that does not guarantee paid time off to care for a new child."" "
New Glarus Brewing Co.’s Spotted Cow is available only in Wisconsin. 
"The Obama administration originally ""wanted 10,000 troops to remain in Iraq -- not combat troops, but military advisers, special operations forces, to watch the counterterrorism effort."" "
The No. 1 cause of death for African-American males 15-34 is murder. 
"he ""invested over $100 million in worker training."" "
"""We’ve seen highway fatalities actually decrease in Colorado"" since marijuana use was legalized. "
David Perdue led efforts to ship thousands of jobs overseas.  
"""The majority of Austinites rent"" the places they live. "
"Iowa Republican Senate candidate Joni Ernst ""would privatize Social Security."" "
"""More whites than blacks are victims of deadly police shootings."" "
"""Washington has incentivized the militarization of local police precincts."" "
"Texas prosecutor Rosemary Lehmberg purchased ""72 bottles of vodka in just one store alone, in just over a year."" "
"""Before I was state treasurer, my Rhode Island business helped create over 1,000 jobs."" "
"Keene, N.H., requested a ""military-grade armored personnel truck,"" citing their annual Pumpkin Festival as ""a possible target"" for terrorists. "
"A ""regulatory thing"" means you can’t show someone drinking beer on camera. "
"Jason Carter backed three of Nathan Deal’s budgets but accuses the governor of ""underfunding education."" "
"his ""Act 10 reforms"" have ""saved the taxpayers some $3 billion."" "
"Rep. Tom Reed, R-N.Y., ""voted to raise the Social Security retirement age on us."" "
"""The number of SWAT raids have gone up by 1,400 percent since the 1980s."" "
"Under Mayor Tom Barrett, the number of Milwaukee police officers ""has not increased."" "
"In Ferguson, Mo., ""you've got three black officers and 50 white officers with a town that is 67 percent African-American.""   "
The Milwaukee Police Department has seized nearly as many firearms this year as the much larger New York City Police Department. 
"Rick Scott took $200,000 in campaign contributions from a company that ""profited off pollution."" "
"Charlie Crist rode on a jet that ""belongs to a serial polluter with a history of environmental violations fined nearly $2 million for polluting water."" "
Kasim Reed has kept every promise he made as a candidate. 
"""Wisconsin is #1 in the Midwest for personal income growth over the year.""   "
"The Islamic State, or ISIS, was ""cast off by al-Qaida because"" it was ""considered too extreme.""   "
"Mitch McConnell voted ""two times against the Violence Against Women Act."" "
"Rick Scott ""is letting Duke (Energy) keep collecting billions"" despite troubled power plants. "
"""There are only about 10 people in the United States Senate who have any real business experience.""  "
"""The startup rate of Hispanic businesses is three times the national rate."" "
"""The minimum number of infrastructure (needs) in Atlanta is $900 million."" "
"""More (student-athletes) graduate than the students who aren't student-athletes."" "
"Top U.S. intelligence officials have told ""every member of Congress, including the president, we’re about to be attacked in a serious way because (of) the threat emanating from Syria and Iraq."" "
"Uncompensated care has ""gone down by 30 percent just in the first few months"" of Medicaid expansion in the states that adopted it. "
"GOP primary opponents Glenn Grothman and Joe Leibham cast a ""compromise vote that cost $788 million"" in higher electricity costs. "
"The cost of ""college education has gone up 1,200 percent since 1978."" "
"that, as a Supreme Court justice, Greg Abbott found that a company whose vacuum cleaners were sold door to door ""had no responsibility"" in the hiring of a salesman who raped a customer. "
"""We have less crime in the (Rio Grande) Valley than we do in other major Texas cities."" "
"""In 1978, a student who worked a minimum-wage summer job could afford to pay a year's full tuition at the 4-year public university of their choice."" "
"""All Aboard Florida is receiving millions in Florida taxpayer dollars."" "
"""It cost us more to shut the government down than to keep it open."" "
"Milwaukee County Sheriff David A. Clarke Jr. advised citizens to ""point that barrel center mass and pull the trigger"" because ""911 is not our best option."" "
"In the ""do-nothing Senate,"" there are 352 House bills ""sitting on Harry Reid’s desk awaiting action,"" including 55 introduced by Democrats.   "
"San Antonio is ""now the largest city in the United States ever to have an African American woman mayor."" "
"""There has never been an alderman who has defeated an incumbent mayor in the history of this great city.""   "
"""25 percent of all drug-related fatal vehicle accidents in the U.S. involve marijuana."" "
"  Gwinnett County government has made ""significant cutbacks in staffing."" "
"""Attorney General Eric Holder’s own Justice Department precleared the voting changes in the 2011 law"" about early voting in Florida. "
"""It's been 17 years that we've had unemployment higher than the national average in Oregon."" "
"The people who want President Barack Obama impeached ""are all white, they're all older, and guess what, they're in the far right wing of the Republican Party.""   "
"Rhode Island's state pension system ""underperformed the median three out of the four years that Mr. [Frank] Caprio was in office."" "
"U.S. Senate candidate Joni Ernst does not support ""a national minimum wage.""  "
"Israel in the last three weeks has ""killed more Palestinian children, more than 200, than the total number of Israeli soldiers killed in military operations since 2006."" "
"three Ukrainians recently captured on a West Texas ranch are among ""individuals from countries that have strong terrorist ties being apprehended"" near the state’s border with Mexico. "
"""The House of Representatives has never sued a sitting president in all of U.S. history."" "
"Rep. Bruce Braley, D-Iowa, missed ""79 percent of veterans affairs committee hearings."" "
"""Women in Florida make 83 cents for every dollar a man makes."" "
"""97 percent of the 100 poorest counties in America are in red states."" "
"The Obama administration's policies ""have reduced minority dropout rate by 25 percent."" "
"The United States is the leading nation in the world ""with the highest amount of doubt about the conventional wisdom of climate change."" "
"""Having an active father makes children 98 percent more likely to graduate from college."" "
"""By some estimates, as few as 2 percent of the 50,000 (Central American) children who have crossed the border illegally this year have been sent home."" "
"The states that are doing ""better"" are the ones that have no state income tax.   "
"""(Mary) Burke’s company,"" Trek Bicycles, ""makes 99% of their bikes overseas."" "
Brookhaven homeowners pay hundreds of dollars less in property taxes compared with owners of the same-value homes in unincorporated DeKalb County. 
"Russia ""has an economy the size of Italy.""   "
"""The best evidence is that you lose -- if you use marijuana as a teenager regularly -- eight IQ points.""     "
"Rick Scott cut ""Bright Futures scholarships in half."" "
"A tax plan promoted by North Carolina Senate candidate Thom Tillis will ""overwhelmingly benefit the wealthy."" "
"a 9-year-old girl was recently raped in Austin, Texas, by a guy previously ""caught four times and released."" "
"U.S. Senate candidate Michelle Nunn ""earned as much as $300,000 running a nonprofit that had laid off 90 workers."" "
"""Ninety percent"" of people living in Gaza ""don’t have access even to water.""   "
"Between June 30 and July 10, CNN interviewed ""17 Israeli public officials versus one"" Palestinian official.   "
The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit compared the health care law to buying a pepperoni and ham pizza from Domino's or Pizza Hut. 
"""If you look at what we’ve done over the last several years, the crime rate has actually gone down in [Providence] and . . . the number of shootings has been going down."" "
"""We are 49th in the nation for our graduation rate"" "
"""We've recovered (from the recession) faster and come farther than almost any other advanced country on Earth.""   "
"""Tourism and retirees are the dominant economic engines in our state."" "
"""Right now, one third of all illegal aliens are going to California.""   "
"""I’m running the second-largest county district attorney’s office … at 1985 staffing levels."" "
"Under Gov. Tom Corbett, ""Pennsylvania ranks 49th in job creation."" "
"Florida has the ""third most-regressive tax"" structure. "
"""Literally, by the time a child is 18 years of age, they've killed over 100,000 people in video games and other online things."" "
"There are fewer wars, there are fewer people dying in wars ""now than there have been in quite some time."" "
"In Syria, ""we struck a deal where we got 100 percent of the chemical weapons out.""   "
"""The so-called defense minister of the People's Republic of Donetsk ... actually posted a bragging social media posting of having shot down a military transport. And then when it became apparent it was civilian, they pulled it down from social media.""   "
"There are ""approximately 20,000 annual gun purchases in Rhode Island.""   "
"Jeff Mann has an ethics complaint against him alleging he used county workers for campaign work, which is an indictable offense.  "
DeKalb County has been recognized in recent years as having one the best sheriff’s departments in the nation.   
"""More women are graduating from college now than men."" "
"Rick Scott’s per-pupil education spending is ""about $200 less"" than what it was under Charlie Crist during the recession. "
"""More than 50 percent of immigrants from (El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras) use at least one major welfare program once they get here."" "
the Obama administration never responded to his 2012 letter flagging the uptick in unaccompanied children crossing the U.S.-Mexico border. 
"""At some point in their lives, 99% of women use birth control."" "
"Alaska Sens. Lisa Murkowski and Mark Begich ""vote as much as 80 percent of the time together."" "
"Charlie Crist ""voted against raising the minimum wage."" "
"""Black voter turnout in 2012 exceeded the rate of white voter turnout, even in the states with the strictest voter ID laws."" "
"Republicans ""went out of the way to praise (Eric) Holder's nomination. ... Not a single Republican senator opposed Eric Holder's nomination."" "
"""In New York, your chances of getting murdered are 1 in 25,000. In Honduras, it’s 1 in 14."" "
"""Providence graduation rates are up."" "
"""Teenage births cost Texas taxpayers $1.1 billion in health care, foster care and lost tax revenue in 2010 alone.""   "
"""We spend $18 billion a year on making sure that the federal government has immigrant enforcement agents. That's more than DEA and the ATF and the FBI and all the other enforcement (agencies) combined."" "
"""Expanding Medicaid would create 63k jobs."" "
"""Radio Marti and TV Marti have spent more than $500 million to reach less than 1 percent of the Cuban population.""   "
"U.S. Senate candidate Jack Kingston voted for the ""Cash for Clunkers"" program. "
"""This president has offered fewer executive actions than almost any other president preceding his presidency in recent history."" "
"""I created the school choice program."" "
Another great endorsement! Barrow Journal explains the difference between me and Jody Hice. 
"""There are more than 46 million Americans living in poverty today -- the largest number in 54 years."" "
"Charlie Crist ""raised taxes on the middle class"" by $2.2 billion. "
"""We cut property taxes for seniors and our middle class."" "
"""If you're a Mexican, you get sent back. ... But if you're from a noncontiguous country like the Central American countries"" then you can stay in the United States. "
"Alison Lundergan Grimes ""supports Obamacare, which cuts $700 billion from seniors’ Medicare."" "
"""If you look at the states where soccer is most popular, they're overwhelmingly blue states, and the states where soccer is least popular are red states."" "
"""As Jim Doyle’s Commerce secretary, Mary Burke spent $12.5 million dollars to buy a vacant lot for a company that said it had no plans to create jobs in Wisconsin"" and had laid off 800 workers. "
"he ""voted for disaster relief and full funding of FEMA."" "
"""We in this state saw more job creation in the last three years since I've been governor than you saw in the whole eight years of Doyle’s time as governor."" "
"Cranston's 2014-2015 ""budget funds 100 percent of the local police and fire pension and other retiree benefit costs."" "
"The Obama administration estimates the number of children at the border is ""going to increase to 150,000 to 200,000 next year."" "
"""13 percent of Americans, the lowest ever, are without health care.""   "
David Perdue said he’d raise taxes. 
"Rick Scott ""cut education to pay for even more tax breaks for big, powerful, well-connected corporations."" "
"Congress used earmarks ""for more than 200 years."" "
"President Obama has left the U.S. with the lowest number of active-duty troops since before World War II, putting the nation at risk. "
"A statewide poll showing 76 percent support and other surveys are a ""strong indicator"" of  broad public support in Milwaukee County for a $10.10 minimum wage "
"Greg Abbott ""has lost"" in court ""four times in just the past few days."" "
"""There are already more American jobs in the solar industry than in coal mining."" "
"Mark Warner has supported Harry Reid ""down the line."" "
"""Light rail does not reduce congestion."" "
"Dan Patrick was the only state senator ""who voted against the Veteran Entrepreneurship Program, a program that assists veterans in successfully starting up their own businesses."" "
"""Since the governor took office, Oregon’s unemployment rate has dropped to its lowest point in three years."" "
"""Women of childbearing age spend 68 percent more in out-of-pocket health care costs than men."" "
"""Hobby Lobby provided this (birth control) coverage before they decided to drop it to file suit."" "
"""Congressman (Tom) Cotton is the only Arkansan in Congress -- Democrat or Republican -- to vote against disaster relief five times."" "
"U.S. Senate candidate Jack Kingston ""requested more earmarks than any other GA Congressman and all GA GOP members combined."" "
"""Nearly 60 percent of women who use birth control do so for more than just family planning."" "
"The Export-Import Bank ""doesn’t cost taxpayers anything."" "
"Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke has ""deputies collecting overtime while sitting passively in chairs watching courthouse security personnel work."" "
"""I had the lowest net worth of any American president in the 20th century when I took office."" "
"95 percent of people caught crossing the U.S.-Mexico border said in a survey ""we are coming because we’ve been promised amnesty."" "
"Republican candidate for governor Ken Block was ""fined and had to admit that (he) funneled money illegally to the Moderate Party."" "
"Republican candidate for governor Allan Fung ""donated to Democrats like Congressman David Cicilline, disgraced (House) speaker Gordon Fox and even Mr. Obamacare, Harry Reid."" "
"""In 31 states, decent child care costs more than college tuition."" "
"Iowa Senate candidate Joni Ernst ""promises to shut down the Department of Education and abolish the EPA."" "
"After Massachusetts passed a mandatory health insurance law ""their mortality rate went down...it saved lives."" "
"""Part of the increase in the cost (of higher education) has been because state support has dropped. We now spend, under Governor Walker, more on corrections than we do on higher education."" "
U.S. Senate candidate Michelle Nunn has avoided taking a stand on Obamacare. 
"""Candidates for governor routinely disclose"" their spouses’ tax returns. "
"""Gov. Rick Scott cut the cost of prepaid college tuition by nearly $20,000."" "
Scott Brown voted with President Barack Obama 70 percent of the time in 2011. 
"The wages of about 60,562 state and local government employees would be affected if the minimum wage is increased to $10.10 in Georgia, for a combined cost to taxpayers of more than $164 million annually.   "
"""The United States is the only developed country in the world without paid maternity leave."" "
"""For the cost of the Iraq War we could’ve ended world hunger for 30 years."" "
"""I don't own a single stock or bond … I have no savings accounts."" "
Central Texas river water sent to downstream rice farmers in 2011 equaled about three years’ worth of Austin’s water use. 
"""There’s $30 billion in expansion funds that we’ve paid – it’s our money and Nathan Deal wants Washington to keep it."" "
"""Gov. Rick Scott signed into law a bill that gives Florida's public officials an easy way to avoid disclosing their personal finances."" "
"The IRS ""also investigated liberal groups, groups that had progressive in their name. ... The IRS was basically looking at everybody."" "
"""The number of terrorists out there"" has doubled. "
"""One thousand people a day are moving to Texas, which means there will be 15 million more people over the next 25 years."" "
"Wisconsin was the ""first state to ban public and private sector employment discrimination based on sexual orientation."" "
"""By 2006, the American people were overwhelmingly against the Iraq War."" "
"Dan Patrick has ""called immigration into Texas an invasion"" and ""said immigrants coming into Texas bring ‘third-world diseases.’"" "
"""Thom Tillis cut almost $500 million from education."" "
"All 28 members of NATO have ""pledged to spend at least 2 percent of their economy on defense. But only three countries do -- Britain, Greece and us.""   "
"A record number of immigrants not from Mexico are ""being apprehended at the border."" "
"""Oregon school districts are directing 24 percent of their food budgets to purchase local foods. That’s the highest percentage in the country."" "
"""Thousands of Westerners and Americans"" are fighting with extremists in eastern Syria and Iraq.  "
"""There are 278 Republicans in Congress. (With Eric Cantor's defeat), they are now all Christian and all white except for one black senator, who was appointed."" "
"""The typical Wisconsin worker makes $5,000 less each year than our neighbors in Minnesota"" under Gov. Scott Walker’s policies. "
It would be illegal for the Fulton County Commission to raise the county tax rate. 
"When Rick Scott ""was deposed in lawsuits about his company, he took the Fifth 75 times."" "
"More than 1.5 million people moved into Georgia between the past two Census counts, and a majority consider themselves, African-American, Latino or Asian-American. "
"Eric Cantor ""was the co-author of the House GOP principles on immigration reform. Both the 'New York Times' and the 'Washington Post' said that that captured the essence of what was in the Senate immigration bill."" "
Hillary Clinton’s approval rating went from 70 percent to 52 percent in 18 months. 
"In the 1950s and 1960s, ""the minimum wage was such that it would lift you out of poverty."" "
"""It was Dan Sullivan who wrote a bill to cut Alaskans out of those decisions"" about where they can hunt and fish. "
"""At the beginning of World War II, we had a relatively small army, smaller than Portugal’s."" "
"Our ""trade with Mexico is $720 million a day; that’s our No. 1 trading partner."" "
"""The U.S. military footprint in Africa is nearly nonexistent."" "
"Under Wisconsin law, ""anyone who knows anything about a John Doe"" secret criminal investigation ""can't talk about it."" "
"The Israelis ""gave up 1,000 terrorists in return for one sergeant."" "
"FIFA ""pressured Brazil into passing a so-called Budweiser bill, allowing beer sales in soccer stadiums."" "
"""In Iran in 1979, the extremists hijacked the broad-based popular revolution against the Shah and established a brutal theocracy."" "
"""Cantor's campaign spent more at steakhouses than Brat spent on his entire campaign."" "
"By 2009, ""dozens of senior terrorists had been taken off the battlefield"" by drones. "
"Brazil built a $300 million stadium in the Amazon rainforest that ""is only going to be used for four World Cup games,"" and there’s no team ""that can fill it afterwards."" "
"""In the city of Milwaukee, we’ve still got a mayor and a police chief who are furloughing police officers at a time when we have violence all across the city."" "
"""By the time I left"" the State Department, ""economic growth was up and opium production was down"" in Afghanistan, while ""infant mortality declined"" and school enrollment rose by more than sevenfold. "
"In February, John McCain ""suggested"" the Bergdahl-Taliban swap that he now calls ""outrageous and dangerous."" "
"""Last year,"" Obama ""administration officials released into our neighborhoods more than 36,000 criminal immigrants who had nearly 88,000 convictions. The crimes included hundreds of convictions for murder, rape and kidnapping and thousands of drug-related crimes."" "
"""Right now, America has $1.1 trillion of student debt. That’s more than credit card debt."" "
"""The average student loan debt in Texas is over $22,000...the cost of an average size pickup truck."" But unlike car owners, ""students are not allowed to refinance their loans at lower rates."" "
"The Obama administration ""went to court to keep one of these five in jail at Guantanamo just three years ago because he was such a huge risk."" "
"""Graduation and third-grade reading scores are up in the state since I took office."" "
"""Sen. McConnell says it's not his job to bring jobs to Kentucky."" "
Four (maybe five) Latinos have served on the Austin City Council.   
"""We’ve got an average of 5,600 soldiers committing suicide. That’s about 20 a day."" "
"""Public display of a long rifle is perfectly legal in Texas."" "
"""Marijuana is less addictive than both alcohol and tobacco."" "
"""Charlie Crist allowed college tuition to increase up to 15 percent every year."" "
"""This generation, on average, is starting their careers, if they’ve been to a four-year college, with just under $30,000 in debt."" "
"""The numbers make it clear that Georgia voters are increasingly taking advantage of early voting opportunities.""  "
"""We’ve seen a remarkable reduction in the number of Americans being executed -- it’s down nearly two-thirds over the past generation.""   "
"""We're fifth in the world (in executions), behind China, Iran, Iraq and Saudi Arabia."" "
"The five Taliban detainees being released from Guantanamo in exchange for captured Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl ""are the hardest of the hard-core. These are the highest high-risk people."" "
"Florida has ""the most errors and exonerations from death row."" "
"Hillary Clinton ""defended Syria’s President Assad as a possible reformer at the start of that country’s civil war."" "
"""Rhode Island has the highest dropout rate in New England at twenty-three percent."" "
"In Texas, ""a faceless hospital panel can deny life-sustaining care, giving you only 10 days to find another facility for your mother, dad, or young child, even if the patient is conscious."" "
"""400,000 Oregonians have gained access to health care"" through the Affordable Care Act. "
Rick Perry doesn’t think there should be a federal minimum wage. 
"""From the ‘Do As I Say Not As I Do’ department: federal employees owe $3.3 billion in back taxes."" "
"Rep. Maxine Waters, D-Calif., only needs about 40,000 to 50,000 votes to win election to Congress compared with the 120,000 votes King needs, because Waters has a higher immigrant population. "
"""Nathan Deal cut the HOPE scholarship program so that literally 100,000 Georgians will not be able to go to college or get technical training that they so badly needed to raise -- you know, give them a chance at a good job."" "
"""Less than 5 percent of registered users in states allowing medical marijuana have cancer or AIDS."" "
"41,200 veterans in Florida ""don’t have health care because Scott didn’t expand Medicaid."" "
"The Wisconsin school voucher program ""has no research that shows that it’s going to improve student learning."" "
Says Democratic candidate for state school superintendent Alisha Thomas Morgan voted to slash funding for the preschool programs for disabled and special needs students. 
"Since 2000, Texas has reduced ""harmful pollutants in the air like nitrogen oxide by 62.5 percent, and ozone by 23 percent--a reduction that is 12 percent greater than the national average.""   "
"Milwaukee has seen ""an uptick in violence"" since 2010, and ""the only period of calm we get is when winter sets in."" "
"Cap and trade legislation ""was originally a Republican idea."" "
"""Today, the five largest financial institutions are 38 percent bigger than they were back in 2008, when they were too big to fail."" "
"A proposed amendment ""allows a teenager to get a recommendation for medical marijuana without the consent of a parent."" "
"""Governor Scott Cut Taxes 40 Times For Florida Families"" "
Hillary Clinton opposed an individual mandate and favored an employer mandate back in 1993. 
"""It's been nearly three weeks since the president has commented"" on questions about possible hidden wait lists at veterans hospitals. "
"David Beckham’s soccer stadium would get a ""special tax deal that lets them off the hook for $2 million in taxes every year for 30 years."" "
"""Canadian middle class incomes are now higher than in the United States. They are working fewer hours for more pay, … living longer on average, and facing less income inequality."" "
"In the Georgia-Russia conflict, ""we flew a brigade of Georgian soldiers"" from Iran to Georgia and ""sent U.S. ships into the Black Sea and provided various kinds of supplies.""   "
"Before the terrorist attacks in Benghazi, ""the State Department not only failed to honor repeated requests for additional security, but instead actually reduced security in Libya.""   "
"""Virtually no Republican"" in Washington accepts climate change science. "
"""When you read the Koran, it talks about don't take Christians and Jews as your friends."" "
"""U.S. teenagers have now fallen behind their counterparts in Ireland, Poland and even Vietnam in math and science."" "
"""Ninety-seven percent of the time. That’s how often Mark Warner votes with President Obama."" "
"""28 percent of Kentuckians don’t have any online access."" "
"Dan Patrick ""proposed Arizona-style show-me-your-papers legislation."" "
"he’s ""the only licensed firearms dealer in America running for Congress.""   "
"""Oregon today has 100,000 more jobs than it did when I was elected."" "
"Americans ""bought into climate change"" in 2004-06, but then most ""began wandering away from this issue."" "
"""During the George W. Bush period, there were 13 attacks on various embassies and consulates around the world. Sixty people died."" "
"There is no ""incontrovertible proof that speed, in and of itself, is the contributing factor to increasing (vehicular) fatalities."" "
"The CBO says that if you raise the minimum wage to $10.10 an hour, ""half a million people would lose their jobs."" "
"""Explosive growth in Medicare"" is the reason federal deficit spending is predicted to top $1 trillion again after falling to $600 billion annually. "
"With only 67 bills or so passed into law, ""2013 was the least productive year in congressional history since we’ve been keeping record."" "
U.S. Senate candidate David Perdue flip-flopped on releasing his tax returns. 
"""When Deborah took office, the (Sellwood Bridge) project had languished for years, with only $11 million in funds. With her leadership the remaining funding was secured that got the project moving forward."" "
"If you work 40 hours a week at the proposed minimum wage of $10.10 an hour, ""you get out of poverty."" "
"The proposed Gogebic mine in northern Wisconsin ""could be extended as long as 21 miles.""   "
"A 2013 state law would allow the operator of an iron ore mine in northern Wisconsin to ""fill in pristine streams and ponds with mine waste.""   "
"""A small majority of Americans don’t think they like the Affordable Care Act, but a large majority of Americans don’t want to do away with the protections that are in the Affordable Care Act."" "
"In some states, African-Americans are three times more likely to be sentenced to death than whites for the same crime. "
"Under his leadership, more people in Wisconsin ""have access to health care."" "
"Rick Scott’s record on jobs includes Florida ""ranked 2nd in the nation in long-term unemployment."" "
"""Every single one of the 41 Republican senators who just blocked a raise in the minimum wage will receive a $2,800 cost-of-living adjustment on January 1, 2015."" "
"Roughly 500,000 Georgians -- or about 5 percent of the state’s residents -- have gone through a background check to legally obtain a Georgia weapons carry license. "
Virginia House Republicans are sacrificing $5 million a day in U.S. funds by refusing to expand Medicaid. 
The Cathedral of Christ the King is one of the Archdiocese of Atlanta’s largest and fastest-growing parishes.                                                                                                               
"""Scott Brown’s carrying some big oil baggage"" because he ""collected over $400,000 in campaign contributions."" "
"""PolitiFact Texas gave"" a David Dewhurst TV ad ""a ‘Pants-on-Fire’ rating as an outrageous lie."" "
"Scott Brown ""voted to give oil companies big tax breaks."" "
"The Rhode Island Parole Board ""never received an objection from the attorney general"" to the parole of  convicted murder Alfred Brissette. "
"""No other country has a constitutional right"" like the Second Amendment. "
"40 percent of illegal immigrants ""had a visa and then became illegal,"" mostly because ""they changed jobs."" "
"Dan Patrick ""got caught not paying his taxes"" and ""pocketed his employees’ payroll taxes."" "
"Up ""to 45 percent"" of illegal immigrants ""are not people that physically crossed the southern border or northern border. They are visa overstayers."" "
"Dave Brat ""worked on Democrat Gov. Tim Kaine’s Council of Economic Advisors while Kaine tried to raise our taxes by over $1 billion."" "
"""Over 20 percent of the electorate is Hispanic"" in Florida. "
"""I am the only senator who turned down the state pension plan for part-time legislators.""  "
"""A white family is likely to have about six times as much wealth than a black or Hispanic family coming out of the recession."" "
"""95 percent of the income gains in the last few years have gone to the top 1 percent."" "
"""In 2013 we had the largest, the best, private sector job growth we’ve had in this state since the 1990s."" "
"""My Treasury team eliminated a 900-case backlog in the Crime Victim Compensation Program."" "
"Ed Gillespie’s 2006 book ""promoted an individual health care mandate, and recommends that it be enforced by the IRS through the income tax code."" "
"Cory Gardner ""championed an eight-year crusade to outlaw birth control here in Colorado."" "
Atlanta is the No. 1 trading point for sexual slavery in America. Between 100 and 200 girls are sold into slavery in Atlanta every month. 
"Capital Metro originally said MetroRail's yearly operating costs would be ""about $2.5 million. Last year ... it cost $13 million to operate."" "
"""Americans will spend more on taxes in 2014 than they will on food, clothing and housing combined."" "
"Last election, the Koch brothers ""spent three times what the top 10 unions spent combined."" "
"The U.S. Justice Department has ""taken on more than 100 voting rights cases since 2009."" "
"""In Wisconsin, a woman only earns 80 cents for every $1 a man earns."" "
"""Hollywood is #1 in Broward homicides in 2013. Thanks Chief Fernandez!"" "
"""When you get a commercial pilot’s license, you learn to communicate in English no matter where you are in the world."" "
"""One thing that is much more unpopular than the Affordable Care Act is repealing the Affordable Care Act."" "
"""In Rhode Island today, 25 percent of our households either don't have a bank account at all, or they have a bank account and they're still relying on high-cost financial services like payday loans, pawn shop check cashing and so on."" "
"""Did you know US population growth is at its lowest since the Great Depression?"" "
"""David Dewhurst currently owes more than $1 million to vendors for services provided to his 2012 U.S. Senate campaign."" "
opposing the Paycheck Fairness Act is part of the Koch brothers’ agenda. 
"""On average, women make 77 cents for every dollar men make."" "
"""The U.S. spends more money on its military than the 16 biggest military budgets in the world"" combined. "
"A recent Gallup poll found that 72 percent of Americans and 56 percent of Democrats ""say the biggest threat to our nation's security is big government."" "
"Americans spend ""6.1 billion hours a year"" on tax preparation. "
"Charlie Crist ""implemented Jeb Bush’s A+ Plan."" "
"In Rhode Island, ""Nearly 9 percent of covered employees go out on short term disability every year, with an average outage from work of almost 12 weeks each."" "
"""Georgia has the nation's fifth largest Women, Infants and Children (WIC) Supplemental Nutrition program, serving more than 270,000 mothers, babies and children every day."" "
"""Shaheen votes with Obama 99 percent of the time."" "
"""From 1972 until 2011, the number of EPA employees increased by 107 percent while the number of total federal personnel decreased by 15 percent.""   "
"During Lyndon B. Johnson’s first 20 years in Congress, ""he opposed every civil rights measure that came up for a vote."" "
Seventy-two percent of Georgians did not have a chance to finish college. 
"""The Capitol rotunda was actually made to invite the people in and to accommodate protests."" "
"""In 2006, Charlie Crist opposed in-state tuition for illegal immigrants."" "
"restoring Georgia pre-k to a 180-day program was a ""real result"" of his leadership. "
"""Women in Oregon are paid 79 cents for every dollar paid to men. If the wage gap was eliminated, a working woman in Oregon would have enough money for 2,877 gallons of gas, 72 more weeks of food for her family or nearly 12 more months of rent."" "
"Before ""our last three presidents, you have to go back to the 1800s, early 1800s to find three presidents in a row being consecutively re-elected."" "
"When Republicans last controlled the presidency and Congress, ""the number of people on food stamps (and) the number of people in low-income housing went through the roof.""   "
"""Young women today in metropolitan areas"" who are childless and single are out-earning childless, single young males. "
"""Of all the jobs President Obama claims to have created since he started, only 38.5 percent are women. So 61.5 percent have gone to men."" "
"""The Koch brothers are one of the biggest polluters in the country."" "
"""Drone technology now allows an individual to be recorded in their homes by drones as small as birds and immediately uploaded to the internet."" "
"""Our high school graduation rate is the highest on record."" "
"""Who will raising the minimum wage actually help? … More than half work full-time. The average worker is 35 years old."" "
"Charlie Crist ""raised taxes in 2009 and won't rule out raising taxes again."" "
he was the only statewide elected official to speak in favor of a federal guest worker plan at the 2012 Republican Party of Texas convention. 
"""In order to pass the CRCT in Georgia, you simply have to get half of the answers correct."" "
"""More than 3 million young adults ... have gained insurance under (the Affordable Care Act) by staying on their family’s plan."" "
"""When people enter the service, there’s not a mental health evaluation."" "
"""By a two-to-one margin, Rhode Islanders want to ban assault weapons and we have a very small percentage of gun owners in this state, less than 13 percent."" "
"""We’ve dedicated more money from (Washington County’s) transportation budget to bike and ped projects under my watch than at any time in the history of Washington County."" "
"""Rick Scott wants to take us back to the days of insurance companies denying coverage for pre-existing conditions."" "
"""Charlie Crist signed into law an automatic 15 percent annual tuition increase that put college further out of reach for many Floridians."" "
"Under Mary Burke’s leadership, Commerce Department business-incentive programs had ""major shortcomings"" and ""40 percent of jobs...didn’t materialize."" "
"The National Science Foundation awarded $700,000 to fund a climate change musical. "
"""Two-thirds of the people who receive the minimum wage are female."" "
"""Since December 2010 Florida has created 540,000 new jobs."" "
"The Koch brothers are ""the richest people in the world. Individually, they're only fifth. Put them together they're the richest in the world."" "
The Austin Independent School District’s graduation rate reached an all-time high of 82.5 percent in 2012. 
"The NCAA will ""get billions"" from the men’s basketball tournament. ""Players get a trophy."" "
"A Koch brothers group is ""going to college campuses, giving away free booze to try to bribe young folks out of getting health insurance."" "
Rick Scott presided over cuts to the Bright Futures college scholarship program. 
"""There are still more people uninsured today than when Obama was elected president."" "
"""Manufacturing wages today in America on a per-hour basis are actually a bit lower than average wages in the economy as a whole."" "
"""Today’s marijuana is 300 percent to 800 percent more potent than the pot of yesteryear."" "
"State Medicaid expansion ""will save our treasury $1 billion over the next eight years."" "
"""Nine out of the 10 poorest states are Red states."" "
Georgia has recovered more than $60 million that was lost to Medicaid fraud 
"Sen. Mitch McConnell is ""the No. 1 recipient of contributions from lobbyists this cycle.""   "
"""Rick Scott tried to slash school funding by $3.3 billion."" "
"""I was the most bipartisan senator in the United States Senate."" "
"Sen. Thad Cochran ""voted to spend hundreds of millions of dollars on ... the Bridge to Nowhere in Alaska instead of shifting the money to repair a bridge damaged by Hurricane Katrina."" "
"""Women take birth control, more than half of them, as a medication for other conditions."" "
"""A child born in America today will inherit $1.5 million in debt the moment they're placed in their mother's arms."" "
some Georgians can get health insurance for $105 a month.   
"he ""forced Washington to open up the Arctic Ocean to oil drilling."" "
"""Medicare has spent $172 million on penis pumps in the last five years at $360 a pop."" "
"For educational testing, Florida ""has chosen a company that has a significant history of promoting identification of the GLBT lifestyle for children as young as seven years old."" "
"""Every 20 seconds, a child dies because they lack access to clean water and sanitation."" "
"The United States stopped plans to build a missile defense shield in Eastern Europe ""as a gift to Russia."" "
"""Our state economic development agency under Walker, WEDC, actually isn’t even using the funds that are appropriated to it."" "
"Stefani Carter ""repeatedly used her campaign contributors’ donations to rent margarita machines for our state house office."" "
You can buy lobster with food stamps. 
"""Ted Cruz has been to Iowa four times. Rio Grande Valley of Texas -- just once."" "
"""Florida ranks first in the nation for access to free prekindergarten."" "
"Women ""are still paid 82 cents for every dollar a man earns in Texas."" "
"""In Oregon, students are skipping math class to learn about the Bible."" "
"Russian annexation of Crimea ""removes a million residents of the Ukraine that have provided the margin of victory for (Viktor) Yanukovych, the pro-Moscow prime minister in his last election."" "
"President Barack Obama was responsible for ""the assassination of at least four American citizens"" in drone strikes. "
Georgia has saved $20 million through changes in criminal sentencing. 
"Abraham Lincoln tried to buy slaves' freedom in border states, but the states ""all rejected it."" "
"""We’re at the point of reaching 2 million deportations ... this is a historic level, more than any other president of the United States."" "
"50 percent of millennials don’t associate with ""any political party."" "
"Dan Patrick ""called for increasing the gas tax and the state sales tax."" "
"President Barack Obama’s approval rating ""gained 3 points in the last couple months."" "
"""The majority support (raising) the minimum wage."" "
"In the U.S., ""African-Americans continue to be arrested at nearly three and one half times the rate of whites"" on marijuana charges. "
"Seneca Jones Timber Co., aiming to increase logging and allay fears that old growth will be cut, says mills have shifted to second-generation trees. An ad from the company asks: ""Do you know that most all mills in Oregon have retooled over the past 20 years?"" "
"Dan Patrick ""supported giving a $5,000 taxpayer-funded voucher to every family to buy a car.""   "
"Using a surcharge on the cigarette tax to help pay for a new downtown sports arena ""is not feasible under state law."" "
"""The average family (is) now bringing home $4,000 less than they did just five years ago."" "
"""If you rent a U-Haul to move your company, it costs twice as much to go from San Francisco to Austin than the other way around, because you can’t find enough trucks to flee the Golden State."" "
"""Once our Blueprint for Prosperity is signed into law, we will have delivered $2 billion"" in tax relief. "
"The economic ""turnaround started at the end of my term."" "
"""As attorney general, I have prosecuted judges, district attorneys and other public officials across Texas who violated that (public) trust, who have been corrupted."" "
Every child in Colorado who has been given medical marijuana for treatment for seizures has had diminished seizure activity. 
"five Democratic state senators were for her bicycle tailgating bill ""before they were against it."" "
"""The president won the youth vote 3 to 1, but his numbers have dropped 20, 30 percent among the youth."" "
"About half the people who would qualify for Medicaid expansion in Florida ""can buy a health care plan for $30 a month"" on the federal health care exchange. "
"""When I talk about (raising the) minimum wage ... half of Republicans agree with it."" "
"Austin is ""a city that has basically doubled in size every 25 years or so since it was founded."" "
"When it comes to transportation funds, Georgians spend more in taxes and on red tape than they get back from the federal government. "
"Oregon has never before tried to create a land-use plan for ""what it should look like for 50 years."" "
"Sarah Eckhardt ""refused to take her own pay increases repeatedly."" "
"Vladimir Putin once said, ""The breakup of the Soviet Union was the greatest geopolitical tragedy of the 20th century."" "
"""It isn't me cutting the budget. It's the Congress' decision on sequestration. So it isn't secretary of defense or the president doing this."" "
"The new Ukrainian government ""introduced a law abolishing the use of languages other than Ukrainian in official circumstances."" "
"""Bill Clinton and George Bush both say build the Keystone XL."" "
"""The Russians didn’t wear uniforms when they came in"" to Ukraine. "
"""Florida high schools are four out of the top 10 in the entire United States."" "
"""American Hustle shows the FBI making real-life bribes to Washington politicians. I know, because as your U.S. senator, I turned them down."" "
"she made an ""accurate prediction"" that if Barack Obama were elected it would encourage Russia to invade Ukraine.   "
"The Redskins Training Camp deal ""generated $40 million in new private investment in the city."" "
"""Over the past three years, ‘deep poverty’ has reached its highest level on record."" "
"""For every week that (state lawmakers are) able to cut off our timeline, it saves (Georgia taxpayers) approximately $100,000."" "
"21 million people ""still suffer slavery today."" "
"Rick Scott ""oversaw the largest Medicare fraud in the nation’s history."" "
"""Georgia’s civil forfeiture laws are among the worst in the country and the very worst in the South."" "
"""In 1968, a full-time worker earning minimum wage, could actually support a family of three above the poverty line. Today, that same worker would earn less than the poverty line for a family of two."" "
"""Crimea became part of Ukraine only in 1954. Crimea was historically part of Russia, and (Nikita) Khrushchev gave it to Ukraine in a gesture that mystified some people."" "
"""The (Russian) ruble is already going down."" "
"Crimea was part of Russia ""until 1954, when it was given to the Soviet Republic of the Ukraine."" "
"Even though Chicago has ""the most stringent gun laws on the books,"" it still ""has the highest murder rate"" in the country. "
Seventy-five percent of the young adults in this country are not mentally or physically fit to serve. 
"""by 4th grade, 86 percent of African-American boys and 82 percent (of) Hispanic boys are reading below proficiency levels."" "
"""Fewer black and Latino men participate in the labor force, compared to young white men."" "
"the U.S. Supreme Court found that ""Social Security is not guaranteed."" "
"""We have more women living in poverty in this state than almost anywhere else."" "
"Gun ""marketplaces"" on Facebook mean ""ANYONE can broker a deal on a gun online, meet the seller in a parking lot somewhere, and walk away with a weapon."" "
"""Our economy (in Louisiana) has grown 50 percent faster than the national GDP, even since the national recession."" "
"Barry Smitherman ""doesn’t have enough legal experience to apply for most of the jobs at the attorney general’s office."" "
"""Travis County now has the highest urban county tax rate in Texas."" "
"More than 80 percent of Georgians don’t support legislation to ease gun restrictions in houses of worship, in bars and on campuses. "
"""Obamacare will mean 2.1 million fewer jobs by 2021."" "
"""A majority of drunk driving deaths and injuries are caused by drunk driving offenders with no prior convictions."" "
"""There are 4.7 percent of Virginians who are minimum wage earners who are over 25 years of age working full-time and trying to raise a family."" "
"""Chained CPI would save $1 trillion in the second decade off the federal budget debt,"" a report shows. "
"""Most folks’ wages haven’t gone up in over a decade.""   "
"""The budget I managed at the Department of Education was more than $60 million."" "
"Rhode Island is ""almost dead last"" among Northeastern states in the length of time first-degree murderers must spend in prison before they’re eligible for parole. "
"""Oregon and the federal government now have more than one million acres of burnt land and millions of trees are being left to rot."" "
"The medical marijuana ballot initiative ""doesn’t require a physician writing a prescription"" and can be for conditions like ""having a back that needs to be scratched."" "
"""More than 40,000 troops are still stationed in Afghanistan with no clear objective. Even in the best case, by the end of the year at least 10,000 American soldiers will still be on the ground."" "
"""According to one study, the minimum wage today is worth $2 less than in 1968."" "
"""Since 2009, Georgia's public schools have lost nearly 9,000 classroom teachers while the number of students has gone up."" "
"""When the Dallas/Fort Worth Airport needed to stop its earthquake spike a few years ago, they temporarily shut down the wells that were injecting fracking fluid into the ground ... (and) those earthquakes stopped."" "
"Chris Christie ""helped funnel $6 million in federal Hurricane Sandy money to a senior center in Belleville, N.J., a place that suffered no damage."" "
"""In Oregon, women earn an average of 79 cents for every dollar that men earn for doing the same job. That’s just wrong."" "
"The prosecution of state Sen. Don Balfour cost less than $100, excluding prosecutors’ salaries. "
"The words ""subhuman mongrel,"" which Ted Nugent called President Barack Obama, were used by the Nazis to ""justify the genocide of the Jewish community."" "
"""When union membership goes down, so do (middle class) wages."" "
"The annual gross domestic product of metro Atlanta is ""bigger than 28 states in the union."" "
"As a result of climate change, ice fishermen in Wisconsin ""are already noticing fewer days they can be out on our ice covered lakes."" "
"""Seventy percent of all uninsured live in households in which at least one person is working."" "
"Says ""(President) Reagan's second inaugural was moved inside the Capitol. It was. Because of a terrible snowstorm."" "
"""Two-thirds of the people who start out in minimum wage are above the minimum wage within a year."" "
"""The only time over the last 25 years when the state’s unemployment rate exceeded the U.S. average was when (Mary) Burke was commerce secretary.""   "
"Obamacare includes a ""$700 billion cut from Medicare for seniors."" "
"""300,000 Floridians will lose their current health plans"" because of Obamacare, a plan Alex Sink supports. "
"Of minimum wage workers in Rhode Island ""only 14 percent serve as sole income earner for their family.""   "
"Dollar General ""added 2,500 stores and 20,000 jobs"" during his four-year tenure as CEO. "
"""Over 3 million Americans are employed in the growing green-collar workforce,"" which is more than the number ""of people working in the fossil fuel industry.""   "
"""Large parts of Florida"" have experienced ""years of below average rainfall."" "
"North Carolina Republican Senate candidate Thom Tillis would let insurance companies ""deny coverage for pre-existing conditions."" "
"Businesses ""will be required to certify to the IRS – under penalty of perjury – that Obamacare was not a motivating factor"" for cutting staff. "
"A government report shows that alternatives to the Keystone XL pipeline ""are worse"" for the environment. "
"""Six people in Florida die as a result of (not expanding Medicaid) every day."" "
Rep. Renee Ellmers voted for the government shutdown 21 times. 
"""The median net worth of American households hasn't changed much over the past decades, it's about $20,000 ... but Congress' average median net worth has ballooned, more than doubled.""   "
Female buffalo lead the herd. 
"""Right now, we only keep 50 percent of Georgia Tech's graduates."" "
"The Keystone pipeline creates ""35 permanent jobs"" after construction, according to a government report. "
"The ""U.S. has the highest unintended pregnancy rate of any Western industrialized country."" "
"Mark Warner voted for ""nearly $1 trillion in new taxes and $7 trillion in new debt."" "
"""Six of Georgia’s counties have no lawyers at all."" "
"""It’s been 14 years since a president or a vice president or a member of their family has not gone and attended at least an event at the Olympics."" "
"""Americans work way more than an average of industrialized countries around the world."" "
"Quarterbacks ""won the (Super Bowl) MVP more than 50 percent of the time."" "
"""We see a quarter-billion dollars in a pension fund that needs to be funded at $1.2 billion."" "
"""(M)ore Georgians have jobs than at any other time since October 2008."" "
"""If you have a union job, you're making on average $950 a week. If you have a non-union job, you're making $750 a week."" "
The cost of the food stamp program is at an all-time high.   
"David Jolly ""lobbied on a plan"" by Rep. Paul Ryan that would turn Medicare into a voucher program. "
Bill O’Reilly spoke 40 percent of the words in an interview with President Barack Obama. 
"Some businesses in Oregon ""are having to shrink back their businesses as a result of the law."" "
"""Savings that I achieved"" helped fund cameras on the border. ""As a result, more than 21,500 arrests have been made and 46 tons of narcotics confiscated."" "
"Pinellas County voters ""elected me as their chief financial officer … (and) elected me as (their) governor four years ago."" "
85 percent of IDEA charter-school students come from low-income families and about 99 percent of its graduates go to college. 
"Wisconsin is ""not a high tax and fee state."" When you look at ""all the money state and local governments bring in"" from residents, ""we're more in the middle."" "
"""What is and isn't a Schedule I narcotic is a job for Congress."" "
Florida shelled out more money for drug testing than it saved by denying welfare benefits to people who tested positive for drugs. 
"In 2002, ""Iran was more or less an American ally."" "
"""Eighty-five percent of the states in the United States that had electrocution have now abolished it."" "
"""Georgia has the fifth-highest number of uninsured people of any state in the union.""   "
"NFL ""players are living, on average, longer than the average male."" "
"""We’re trailing every other state in the Midwest in terms of job creation since January of 2011."" "
"""Since I took office in January 2011, we have created 11,100 Rhode Island-based jobs."" "
"""The extra point is almost automatic. … (The NFL) had five missed extra points this year out of 1,200 some odd"" attempts. "
"Cuba has ""a lower child mortality rate than ours. Their life expectancy is now greater than ours."" "
"Marshawn Lynch is ""second all-time in terms of average yards per rush only to Terrell Davis."" "
Peyton Manning struggles in cold weather games. 
"Alex Sink ""even supported a tax on homeowners insurance policies."" "
"David Dewhurst is ""the first lieutenant governor in history to have a personal security detail."" "
"""I never gave up custody of my children. I never lost custody of my children.""   "
"""The majority of teams (are) now spending their dollars on the offensive side of the football."" "
Nearly 90% of Travis County government races will be settled by the time of the Democratic primary. 
"""Of the 20 bills [Rep. David] Cicilline has sponsored in his three years in office, not a single one has advanced past the embryonic committee stage."" "
"Women ""make 77 cents for every dollar a man earns."" "
"""For the first time in over a decade, business leaders around the world have declared that China is no longer the world’s No. 1 place to invest; America is."" "
"""Every four minutes, another American home or business goes solar."" "
"""The $18.8 billion in funding for K-12 education funding is the highest in Florida history and includes a record $10.6 billion in state funds."" "
"""The federal minimum wage is worth about 20 percent less than it was when Ronald Reagan"" gave his first address to a joint session of Congress. "
"""Last month, more Americans stopped looking for a job than found one."" "
"""Over the past eight years, the United States has reduced our total carbon pollution more than any other nation on Earth."" "
"There is ""more oil produced at home than we buy from the rest of the world – the first time that’s happened in nearly 20 years."" "
"During the past four years, ""average wages have barely budged."" "
"Texas added 6,600 miles of highway from 2001-2012, more than any other state. "
"Alex Sink supported ""more taxes on water and TV."" "
"in 2000, Fox News broke the story of George W. Bush’s drunk driving arrest. ""Who broke it? Fox News."" "
"David Jolly’s former firm lobbied ""for hundreds of millions (of dollars) for a dictator in Pakistan."" "
"""The national economic recovery has led to higher than expected tax revenues and projected budget surpluses in nearly every state in the nation, including Wisconsin."" "
"""Obamacare passed by just one vote in the Senate. It wouldn’t have passed without Mark Warner’s vote."" "
Volunteer firefighters and communities they serve in Georgia and elsewhere are being devastated by Obamacare.  
"Under President Barack Obama, ""We’ve got the lowest labor force participation in over three decades, since 1978."" "
"""The minimum wage is mostly an entry-level wage for young people."" "
"""In the entire public school system in Camden last year, only three students graduated college ready."" "
"Deer baiting, planned for Block Island by DEM, is illegal in Rhode Island. "
"In the past three years, state legislatures have ""enacted more of these restrictions (on abortion) than in the previous 10 years combined."" "
"Marijuana today is ""genetically modified,"" with THC levels that ""far surpass the marijuana"" of the 1970s. "
"""The largest enterprise in the world is the federal government of the United States of America"" "
"The average Georgia family makes $6,000 less than the average family did 10 years ago when inflation is factored in. "
"""With the tax controls we already put in place, property taxes on a typical home in December of 2014 will actually be lower than they were in December of 2010."" "
"Of the approximately 6 million disenfranchised felons in the United States, ""one-quarter are Floridians."" "
"""After years of 5.5 percent average tuition increases, we now have a two-year tuition freeze for the first time in the history of the UW System.""   "
"""We had 6,000 oil and gas spills in 2012"" with ""more oil and gas spreading in the United States than the entire Exxon Valdez spill."" "
"""Since Barack Obama became president of the United States, 95 percent of economic gains have been made by the richest 1 percent."" "
"""Thanks in part to our all-of-the-above strategy for American energy,"" the United States generates ""more natural gas than anybody."" "
"""We’ve had the private sector more than double the investment that was made by the public sector"" at Quonset Business Park. "
"""During my administration, funding for education has increased by over $930 million."" "
"In Virginia, ""Medicaid has grown by 1,600 percent in the last 30 years."" "
"In Russia ""all people are absolutely equal regardless of their religion, sex, ethnicity, or sexual orientation,"" while ""70 countries of the world have criminal liability for homosexuality."" "
"""Today, our unemployment rate is 7.8 percent. That is the lowest in five years."" "
"The General Assembly ""has no explicit constitutional authority to impose income, sales, estate and the myriad of other taxes upon us."" "
"Alex Sink ""used a taxpayer-funded plane so she could get to a vacation in the Bahamas."" "
"""For the first time in nearly two decades, we produce more oil here in the United States than we buy from the rest of the world."" "
"""Americans are 20 times as likely to die from gun violence as citizens of other civilized countries.""   "
"""The (New England) Patriots were led by an explosive offense that scored the second most points in the NFL."" "
President Barack Obama’s judicial appointments for Georgia and the region were drafted in secret and not vetted by legal groups among the president’s supporters. 
"On foreign policy, Joe Biden was against aid for Vietnam, said the fall of the Shah was ""a step forward"" for human rights in Iran, opposed Reagan's defense build-up and voted against the first Gulf War. "
"Obama unilaterally announced he was delaying employer mandate ""through a blog post by a mid-level bureaucrat at the Department of Treasury."" "
"""Texas is experiencing the fastest population growth in the country,"" adding ""more than 1,000 people a day."" "
"""Trey Radel does not even qualify to drive a Lee County school bus at this point, yet he occupies a seat in Congress."" "
"""Only 3 percent of voters 18 to 34 don't believe that climate change is really happening."" "
"""The median male worker in this country has not seen a raise, inflation adjusted, for 30 years, basically."" "
"""I cut spending while serving in the state Legislature"" "
"""If you have a job in this country, (there's a) 97 percent chance that you're not going to be in poverty."" "
"""If you make the average amount of people in Wisconsin, $50,000, you got $1.60 less a week in taxes"" under the state income-tax cut, but ""it didn’t show up in your paycheck."" "
"""Sens. Isakson’s, Chambliss’ Votes Against Unemployment Insurance Were Votes to Kill Nearly 6,000 Georgia Jobs."" "
"""Unemployment insurance kept more than 620,000 children out of poverty in 2012."" "
"Buried in the Affordable Care Act is ""a huge government bailout."" "
"""We expanded charter"" schools. "
"""We have been in Afghanistan longer now than we have been in any foreign land conducting a war in our nation’s history."" "
"""What do Rutgers University, Kean University, Montclair State University, New Jersey City University, Stockton College, Rowan University and William Paterson all have in common? They all graduate less than 50 percent of their students within four years."" "
"Members of the military don’t ""contribute toward their pension."" "
"""The Obama administration has used the Espionage Act to go after whistleblowers who leaked to journalists ... more than all previous administrations combined."" "
"""Crime in Atlanta is down 18 percent since 2009."" "
"Marriage ""decreases the probability of child poverty by 82 percent."" "
Federal law requires residents to participate in the U.S. government’s American Community Survey. 
"""There are many studies that indicate"" that the longer people get unemployment insurance, ""it provides some disincentive to work."" "
"""State Rep. Kathleen Peters has a 100 percent pro-abortion voting record – even voting against a ban on sex-selection abortions."" "
"Payday lenders profit ""from the poor by charging 1,000-plus"" percent ""interest."" "
"""Our economy still has three people looking for every job (opening)."" "
Nearly 40 percent of his McAllen-area constituents suffer from obesity. 
"""US: Change in Income, 2009-13. Top 1%: +31.4%. Bottom 99%: +0.4%."" "
"""Under the Espionage Act, (Edward Snowden would not be) allowed to come into court and say ‘I was justified in disclosing this information.’ There is no whistleblower exception in the Espionage Act."" "
"""You don’t see Norway losing population, and its taxes are astronomical."" "
"""In my home state, nearly one in five Floridians live in poverty."" "
"The federal health care law tells ""the American people precisely what type of coverage they have to have."" "
"""Forty percent of the country is going to be in states that are tolerant of gay marriage or at least civil unions."" "
"New Jersey has ""the highest unemployment rate in the region"" and ""stagnant job growth."" "
"In altered photo, says Barack Obama wants ""more of Texans’ private data"" via health care. "
"""Granite Staters who hold individual policies from Anthem...can indeed renew their policies and keep their current doctors and hospitals"" in 2014. "
"Because of the health care law, ""by 2017, we will be funneling over $100 billion annually to private insurance companies."" "
"""More Americans believe the moon landing was fake than believe Obamacare is affordable."" "
"""(The farm bill) has a provision that would in many ways reduce the deficit."" "
"Republican state lawmakers ""are refusing to give the people of their own states their own tax dollars back in the form of (expanded) Medicaid."" "
"""The commission form of government is definitely losing favor in the United States.""   "
"""Of all cities in the United States with more than 100,000 people, Providence is the 183rd safest."" "
"""This governor has given us continual balanced budgets without raising taxes."" "
"""61 percent of non-tea party Republicans actually agree...there is 'solid evidence the earth is warming,' ...[but] 70 percent of tea partiers, contrarily, say there is 'no solid evidence' the earth is warming."" "
"""Since 2007 David Jolly has given almost $30,000 to keep Democrats in Congress!"" "
"""This is the first time in Texas history -- and only the fourth time in United States history -- that two women are running for the top spots."" "
"""A quarter of our workers make $18,000 per year."" "
"President Barack Obama ""came into office very concerned about"" wiretappings but ""then he became president of the United States, he got all the briefings … (and) he decided … the balance is probably pretty appropriately struck.""   "
"To comply with non-discrimination laws, the government is ""forcing people in business to make wedding cakes"" for anyone.   "
"""I’m ninth generation from New Hampshire."" "
"Federal law for Obamacare navigators ""does not bar — or even require screening for — convicted felons, including individuals convicted of identity theft or fraud."" "
"""60 percent of the jobs lost in the 2008 recession were living-wage jobs. Of the jobs we’ve gotten back, only 40 percent are living-wage."" "
"""There never really was a 'Hastert Rule.' "" "
"The United States is ""behind many countries in Europe in terms of the ability of every kid in America to get ahead."" "
"""The latest Quinnipiac poll found that nearly six-in-ten Americans oppose ObamaCare -- 30% support the law and 57% oppose it."" "
"""Texas has the highest rate of uninsured in the nation. ... And there are more uninsured children in Texas than in any other state."" "
"""Medicare costs have slowed down dramatically. In fact, the first two months of this fiscal year, Medicare costs were down even in nominal terms relative to the previous year."" "
"""Every dollar spent in the new Obamacare system ... goes to private-sector insurance companies."" "
Greg Abbott defended more than $5 billion in public school funding cuts in fighting hundreds of school districts in court. 
Goodwill Industries International pays workers with disabilities wages as low as pennies per  hour. 
"""About 40 percent of workers don’t ... have a single paid sick day."" "
"Florida’s proposed medical marijuana amendment ""would make Florida one of the most lenient medical-marijuana states, allowing use for limitless ‘other conditions’ specified by any physician."" "
"""Whether the Amendment passes or not, the medical use of marijuana is a federal criminal offense."" "
"""Of the four statewide races this century within a 300-vote margin, three have been overturned in a recount."" "
"Iran President Hassan ""Rouhani has more Cabinet members with Ph.D.s from American universities"" than members of Barack Obama’s Cabinet. "
"he would have ""almost twice the actual experience practicing law"" Greg Abbott did on becoming attorney general of Texas. "
The new Atlanta Braves stadium will require no tax increase for homeowners and provide $3 million annually for Cobb County schools. 
"A gun ""background check is futile. Something like 42 (people during the) last year … were prosecuted for trying to buy a gun with a criminal record out of 11 million."" "
"Under President Obama’s health-care reforms, the premium for ""an average plan for a family didn't go down by $2,500 per year, it's gone up about $2,500 per year."" "
"""The vast, overwhelming majority of [crimes that occur with a firearm] are committed by people who don’t legally possess that firearm in the first place."" "
"Rep. Steve Stockman ""basically wants gun-filled zones in schools.""   "
"""Obamacare could force thousands of volunteer fire stations to cut service or close entirely!"" "
"The town of Cumberland has ""its highest bond rating in history."" "
"""John Cornyn has voted to increase the debt, raise taxes, bail out Wall Street banks and fund Obamacare."" "
"""60 percent of people on food assistance are working."" "
"Nelson Mandela ""was a communist."" "
"""The middle class can be defined to include those with income between roughly $20,000 and $60,000."" "
"""We got back every dime used to rescue the banks."" "
"""Black people kill more black people every six months than the KKK did in 86 years."" "
"""Defensive medicine costs Georgia up to $14 billion a year."" "
"""The CBO just said if we cut this (unemployment benefits) extension, we will kill jobs, because those people who are looking for work won't have any money to spend."" "
"""FACT: Repealing Obamacare would be easier than repealing Prohibition."" "
"Even after collective bargaining reforms, most Wisconsin public employees ""are still paying about 12 to 13 percent"" of their health insurance premiums, while most state residents who work in the private sector ""pay 20 to 25 percent.""   "
"""One-third of all bank tellers (are) on public assistance."" "
"""About 2 percent of Americans get paid the minimum wage."" "
"""We pay among the highest tolls in the nation for the privilege of crossing that bridge."" "
"""The Walton family, which owns Wal-Mart, controls a fortune equal to the wealth of the bottom 42 percent of Americans combined."" "
"Passing a federal firearms ""background check through the NICS database . . . typically takes 90 seconds."" "
"""At present spending levels, only citizens of New York have a greater local debt burden than Texans."" "
"""For the cost of $5 vanilla soy latte a day, you can get a sweet health insurance plan to match."" "
"Obamacare medical device tax ""has led to the loss of thousands of jobs"" in U.S. "
"""By the time she turns 3 years old, a child born into a low-income home hears 30 million fewer words than a child from a well-off family."" "
"It's a good sign for Obamacare that in California, ""the proportion of kids who are signing up is the proportion of kids in the population."" "
"Obamacare is a ""massive, massive income redistribution"" with ""$250 billion a year in Medicaid expansion (and) in the subsidy structure that's basically being paid for by people on Medicare, through Medicare cuts, and a lot of tax increases."" "
"""Firearms homicides are down about 40 percent"" since Texas passed concealed-gun permit law. "
"The minimum wage ""in real terms right now is below where it was when Harry Truman was in office."" "
"""44% of homeless people are employed."" "
"""We, the bishops of the United States -- can you believe it -- in 1919 came out for more affordable, more comprehensive, more universal health care."" "
"""The nine-day deer hunt contributes more than $1.3 billion in revenue to the state of Wisconsin."" "
"""We’re the Sunshine State, and we’re hardly doing any solar energy production."" "
"""The economy bled $24 billion"" due to the government shutdown. "
"""The recidivism rate is nearly 29 percent and has been climbing steadily since detainees began being released from Guantanamo."" "
"""The state budget has actually grown by $4.6 billion under"" Gov. Scott Walker’s actions. "
"""Just days ago, Iran's Supreme Leader (Ali) Khamenei, who will oversee implementation of this agreement, was calling Israel a 'rabid dog' and accusing the United States of war crimes."" "
"""Only 536 Georgians are signed up for Obamacare while 400,000 in the state lost their health insurance."" "
"""I did not support the sequester."" "
"""Republicans have proposed dozens of (health care) solutions designed to help control costs and improve quality."" "
"Republican ideas on health care don’t give people ""an option to even enroll in something that they can afford."" "
"""During the last election, Democrats won over a million votes more than Republicans, but because of the way districts are designed, the Republicans got 33 more members of the House of Representatives than the Democrats did."" "
"""These 60 acres (the Atlanta Braves want to build a stadium on) have produced zero SPLOST money for parks and recreation, have produced zero money for education.""       "
"Florida’s proposed amendment for medical marijuana would allow ""people who alleged minor ailments such as muscle spasms, neck pain, back pain and even menstrual cramps (to qualify) for government-sanctioned pot-smoking."" "
"""American voters remain steadfast in their support for immigration reform with a path to citizenship, with more than 70 percent who want to see reform passed this year."" "
"""Macy's sent a letter to Rick Perry urging him to veto"" equal pay bill. "
"In a poll, ""53 percent of young Republican voters . . . under age 35 said that they would describe a climate [change] denier as 'ignorant,' 'out of touch' or 'crazy.'"" "
"""Harry Reid was against (the nuclear option) before he was for it. Mitch McConnell was for it before he was against it. President Obama was against it before he was for it."" "
"""You've got more people wanting to go moose hunting in New Hampshire than want Obamacare.""     "
"""In the history of the United States, 168 presidential nominees have been filibustered, 82 blocked under President Obama, 86 blocked under all the other presidents."" "
"""The reason we have a national debt is not because of defense spending. What is driving our long-term debt are Medicare and Social Security programs."" "
"""No one in the country has ever built a brand new sports facility and created this kind of development at the same time."" "
"""8.5 million Americans have gotten rebate checks because their insurance companies were spending too much money on executive bonuses and administrative costs and not enough on health care."" "
"""500,000 people have signed up for #Obamacare."" "
"Barack Obama’s approval rating ""is right in the average"" for second-term presidents at this point. "
"Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell has ""blocked the Senate over 400 times."" "
"""Nearly 20% of our residents"" are born abroad. "
there’s no language in the U.S. Constitution that prevents someone from running for Congress simultaneously in multiple states. 
"Tom Cotton ""voted to turn Medicare into a voucher system."" "
"Mark Pryor ""cut Medicare to pay for Obamacare."" "
"""Given how expansive our program already was,"" expanding Medicaid in New Jersey due to Obamacare ""was a relatively small expansion."" "
"Thomas Jefferson said, ""You might be able to fool the people for awhile, and they may go astray, but sooner or later the American people are going to wake up and they will correct the course."" "
"""You've seen where we're now going from a $700 million surplus to getting into the next biennium with almost a $750 million deficit."" "
"The U.S. Department of Defense spends $80 million a year on prostate cancer research, $25 million a year on ovarian cancer research and $150 million a year on breast cancer research. "
"The United States ""has never been richer, if you look at per capita GDP."" "
"Medicare Part D ""was far more expensive than the Affordable Care Act and unlike"" the act, ""was never budgeted."" "
"The deficit this year could pay ""all of the 2013 salaries of every professional baseball player for the next 248 years."" "
the number of Democrats who voted for the GOP measure allowing health plan renewals is close to the number who voted on GOP bills to delay mandates on employers and individuals. 
"New Jersey has gained ""143,000 new private-sector jobs."" "
"Obamacare ""was the Republican plan in the early '90s."" "
"""The $3.6 billion deficit we inherited has turned into more than a half-billion-dollar surplus."" "
"""I have returned money every year since taking office."" "
"""During my eight years as county executive, we cut the number of county workers by 20 percent."" "
the Affordable Care Act has already reduced the number of uninsured in Oregon by 10 percent. 
"""Things went wrong with the Medicare prescription D plan that George Bush rolled out."" "
"""The national debt is on track to double during Obama’s presidency.""   "
"""Georgia has lost 14 percent of its jobs paying more than $50,000 a year and added 15 percent to its Medicaid rolls during the recovery."" "
the U.S. national debt has tripled during Rep. Greg Walden’s time in Congress. 
"Rick Scott ""cut education by $1.3 billion"" in his first year, then ""in his second year he decreases funding by $300 million to our state universities."" "
Finance experts estimate that paying in cash for the $2.5 billion in projects funded by the sales tax saved Gwinnett County more than $1 billion in interest payments. 
"Chris Christie ""vetoed Planned Parenthood funding five times over the course of his governorship.""   "
18 states and the District of Columbia have voted Democratic in six consecutive presidential elections.   
"""In fact, there’s more state funding for education today than any other time."" "
"""We have created new jobs here in Cranston -- more than 1,000."" "
"""A million people … could get health insurance right away"" if Texas expanded Medicaid under Obamacare. "
"""When is a farm bill not a farm bill? When 90 percent of it is for food stamps."" "
"Wendy Davis is ""fighting to bring ... Bloomberg-style gun control to Texas."" "
"The University of Texas is starting ""the first medical school at a major Tier One"" university ""in the last 50 years."" "
taxpayer subsidy for the Oregon Convention Center hotel jumped $100 million in closed-door sessions 
"Charlie Crist stopped ""layoffs of some 20,000 school teachers during the global economic meltdown."" "
"A planning group said that to meet anticipated traffic demands by 2035, Interstate 35 between Austin and Round Rock will need a dozen additional lanes going north and 14 additional southbound lanes. "
"""The Legislature passed Gov. Walker’s so-called property tax relief bill,"" but the Republicans ""are still raising your property taxes.""   "
"administrator salaries were increased, ""but other school employees were left behind.""   "
"Congress ""is bewildered at the scope and reach of our spying apparatus"" but in 2008 and 2012 ""explicitly rejected an amendment calling for more disclosure."" "
"Rick Scott ""didn’t even come to his own education summit. But he did take time to go to the tea party convention the same week."" "
"In 1929, the Secretary of State shut down a program that was ""collecting information to protect America"" because it was ""unseemly,"" but that move led to ""millions and millions"" of deaths in World War II. "
"Due to Obamacare, Arkansas ""has covered almost 14 percent of its uninsured already."" "
"The average fast food worker is 29, and most fast food workers ""are on some form of public assistance."" "
"""Only 14 percent of Americans were able to keep these individual market plans for two years"" before Obamacare became law. "
"""Before the Republican wave in 2010, Democrats had an advantage on the generic ballot in Congress. Even in 1994 with the Gingrich revolution ... Democrats had that advantage."" "
The federal health care law raises taxes and cuts Medicare. 
"""On day one, six people were able to sign up"" for health insurance through the federal marketplace. "
"""Health insurance is more expensive in Massachusetts than anywhere else in the country."" "
"""Providence has more of its pension fund invested in hedge funds and is less transparent"" about it than the state. "
"""Rand Paul’s speech ... on 'Gattaca' was totally ripped off of Wikipedia.""   "
"""Even after Obamacare is fully implemented, there still will be tens of millions of people not covered."" "
"As CFO, Alex Sink oversaw ""a $27 billion loss in the state's pension fund."" "
"Under President George W. Bush, ""we added $4.9 trillion to the debt. Under President Obama … we’ve added $6.5 trillion to the debt."" "
Most voters prefer zombies to the current U.S. Congress.   
"Mike Enzi is ""getting about 84 percent of his campaign funds from Washington-based PACs. That's more than any senator of either party."" "
"The U.S. Department of Homeland Security warned that the SAVE ""database is not a foolproof means of verifying (citizenship on) the voter rolls."" "
"""The vast majority of people in this country are keeping their (health insurance) plan."" "
"$6 billion water bond program voters passed in 2011 ""has yet to be tapped."" "
"In Massachusetts, ""half of the primary care doctors are not accepting new patients."" "
"""We have about six school districts that are in school 140 to 150 days this year."" "
"Nearly 6 in 10 uninsured Americans ""can get health insurance for what may be the equivalent of your cell phone bill."" "
"Emergency rooms account for ""2 percent of all health care spending."" "
"Barbara Buono ""voted to raise her own pay 40 percent."" "
"For the state of Florida, ""there is not an additional cost with implementation of the Common Core standards."" "
"""The IRS has been specifically forbidden ...  from ever actually pursuing either civil or criminal remedies"" for people who don’t purchase health insurance. "
"Georgia ""spends in the top 10 nationally on education, yet, most of our education metrics hover in the bottom five."" "
"Says ""there are actually more people in poverty now than there were when we started"" the War on Poverty.   "
"Common Core ""is not from the federal government,"" they ""do not have their fingerprints on this thing at all."" "
"Gov. Lincoln Chafee has imposed ""a mandatory abortion fee"" on all Rhode Islanders who buy health insurance through the state’s Obamacare exchange. "
"""No one beta-tested"" healthcare.gov. "
"""Half of all CEOs say that the shutdown and the threat of shutdown set back their plans to hire over the next six months."" "
"All members of Congress are required to be in Obamacare, but Obama and members of his administration ""have their own gold-plated health care plans that they're in.""   "
"""Property taxes have increased 20 percent under four years of Chris Christie."" "
"""We’re 49th in the United States in new businesses created."" "
"""Live cats have holes drilled into their skulls,"" posts put into their heads and coils put into their eyes, and some have had their ears cut off or are intentionally deafened or starved at UW-Madison labs that do research to improve hearing in humans. "
"""by reducing chronic health care costs in the State of Georgia, we can reduce the $32.8 billion lost each year due to lack of productivity and economic costs."" "
"""You have to get a license to fish on our beaches."" "
"40,000 veterans in Texas won’t get health care because Perry rejected Obamacare's Medicaid expansion. "
"""Unemployment in the city of St. Petersburg is below the state average."" "
"""Thirteen hundred"" applicants in Rhode Island signed up for insurance through Obamacare. "
"The federal government ""has $3 trillion in cash flow, so we can pay our bills"" and won’t default. "
"""Eighty percent of the antibiotics in this country are fed to livestock."" "
A congressional laundry closed due to the partial government shutdown. 
"Chris Christie ""has not increased the taxes on anyone."" "
"""Ninety six percent of employers in the Granite State are considered small businesses."" "
"Democrats already agreed to ""a deal that Republicans wanted, that Eric Cantor said would be a win."" "
"Oregonians for Food and Shelter ""proudly features board members from Monsanto and Syngenta and the (Oregon) Farm Bureau also receives funding from biotech companies."" "
" ""In 2011 alone, 269 New Jerseyans were killed by gun violence."" "
"Louie Gohmert of Texas ""compared the current general-in-charge in Egypt to George Washington."" "
"""Violent crime is up since the last year of Sharpe James’ administration. This year it’s higher. … The unemployment rate is almost 15 percent. The high school dropout rate is over 50 percent."" "
"Democratic gubernatorial candidate Mary Burke ""has proven on the Madison Board of Education"" that she supports raising taxes and spending.   "
"""Many don’t know that Bill Young was once the minority leader in the Florida Senate...because he was the only Republican senator."" "
"""between 6 and 20 bicycles can be parked in the space required by one car."" "
"her actions as Wisconsin commerce secretary brought the state ""84,000 more Wisconsin jobs than we have today."" "
"""For the first time since the Korean War, total federal spending has gone down for two years in a row."" "
"Because of the 2011 debt ceiling fight, ""the stock market lost 2,000 points."" "
"There is ""a constitutional issue"" that affects ""the paychecks of members of Congress"" during a shutdown. "
"""This year, the federal government will have more revenue than any year in the history of our country."" "
"David Dewhurst ""went out for drinks"" during Senate debate on abortion bill. "
"Virginia is ""the number one state per capita in screening out people with mental illness from gun purchases.""   "
"Domestic violence ""is seen as a pre-existing"" health condition and ""women had to pay 50 percent more for health care because of gender ratings,"" but under Obamacare, ""all of that is over.""   "
Forty-six states have a line-item veto for the governor. 
"Only ""four countries in the world… allow abortions after 20 weeks"" of pregnancy. "
"""Eighty-five percent of government's running right now. Only 15 percent of government spending is shut down."" "
"""At the time that (Medicare Part D) was passed (it) was actually less popular than the Affordable Care Act, according to the polls."" "
"Shutdowns are ""a normal part of the constitutional process,"" with 12 shutdowns under Democratic House Speaker Tip O’Neill and two during his own speakership. "
"The shutdown is projected to result in ""$10 billion in costs to the economy per week."" "
"Among the nation’s 51 largest metropolitan areas, Milwaukee is the ""only one"" where the poverty rate is more than ""four times greater in the city than it is in the suburbs."" "
"""In 2010, the non-partisan Government Accountability Office found that only 6.5 percent of the U.S.-Mexico border was under full control of the Border Patrol."" "
"""In states where the federal government helps run these (health care) marketplaces, the average American will have more than 50 different plans to choose from, with different levels of coverage."" "
"""Photo ID is not required for those who vote by mail."" "
"""For the last decade, Floridians’ salaries have shrunk substantially"" when adjusted for inflation. "
"""Many state and federal agencies have such ‘navigators’ involved in helping folks maneuver through the often complex processes associated with filing benefits claims, for example -- even buying health insurance."" "
"""I would be the first Republican senator elected in New Jersey in 41 years."" "
"""There are still tens of thousands of missing service members from previous and current conflicts that our nation is working to find and repatriate.""   "
The highest paid employee of the State of Rhode Island is a basketball coach. 
"If sea levels rise six feet due to climate change, Waterplace Park in Providence and Wickford village would be swamped "
"Under economic sanctions, ""now Iran is suffering 30 percent inflation, 20 percent unemployment."" "
"""Up to half of all Americans have a pre-existing condition."" "
"""One out of four corporations doesn't pay a nickel in (federal income) taxes."" "
"""(Obamacare) is a bill which has never once had a majority of Americans favor it."" "
Ken Cuccinelli tried to make it more difficult for mothers to obtain divorces. 
"The 2013-’15 state budget backed by Gov. Scott Walker and Republican lawmakers ""left our technical colleges funded at 1989 levels."" "
"""Today many Florida teachers are at risk of having their pay impacted by the performance of children who are not even in their classrooms or subject areas."" "
"""According to the Congressional Budget Office, repealing Obamacare would increase the budget deficit."" "
"""Over the past 35 years, Florida families have paid into the (National Flood Insurance Program) over $16 billion, four times more than the amount they have received in claim reimbursements."" "
"President Barack Obama ""has amended, delayed, or repealed 19 components of his very own (health care) law."" "
The U.S. Supreme Court decided in 1982 that non-citizen children must get free K-12 education. 
"""Unlike you and me, Congress gets to keep up to $11,000 a year in taxpayer subsidies"" under Obamacare. "
"If the government shuts down, ""all military personnel will continue to serve and accrue pay but will not actually be paid until appropriations are available."" "
"Mental health provisions related to mass shootings ""got over 90 votes in the Senate."" "
"Some ""20,000 Delphi salaried retirees lost up to 70 percent of their pensions"" as a result of ""political favoritism and backroom deals."" "
"""In fiscal year 2011-2012, 4,191 abortions were paid for by taxpayers via the Oregon Health Plan."" "
"""Governor Deal has increased education spending every year he’s been in office.""   "
"Tuition at Rutgers has increased 10 percent since Gov. Chris Christie took office because he ""cut funding for higher education."" "
"""One out of 10 minimum-wage workers in the U.S. live in Texas."" "
"""Ninety-five percent of all the wages in Texas are above minimum wage."" "
"Since 2007, ""Texas has gained 440,000 people"" while ""Maryland has lost 20,000."" "
"In Florida ""we have 75,000 on (a) waiting list for child care and 23,000 on waiting lists"" for community care for the elderly. "
"""There are more guns than there are people in the United States."" "
"""We’re 48th in K-12 funding and 50th in higher education."" "
"The employer mandate ""affects only 5 percent of businesses in this country."" "
"According to an article in the Economist magazine, Americans are ""guaranteed"" to live above the poverty line if they graduate from high school, keep their first job for over a year and get and stay married. "
"""The CDC issued a report commissioned by President Obama just earlier this year, and it found some very inconvenient facts. Armed citizens are less likely harmed by attackers. Effectiveness of gun control laws is mixed. Gun buybacks don't work."" "
An average of seven children in America are killed by guns every day. 
Unemployment in Texas has risen over two percentage points with Rick Perry as governor. 
"According to the most recent jobs report, ""we've got more Americans leaving the workforce than we have finding jobs."" "
"""I’ve never supported legislation that invades people’s choices about contraception."" "
The very first meal on the surface of the moon was the Holy Communion. 
"""Minnesota is kicking butt relative to Wisconsin on everything from employment and job creation to school test scores, educated work force and a host of other factors and rankings"" "
"Newark is ""now home to one-third of all commercial and multi-family development."" "
"Under Mayor Angel Taveras ""Providence’s bond rating was downgraded from A to BBB, two steps above junk-bond status.""   "
"""Things like … having Friday classes have been shown to be very effective on college campuses"" in reducing drinking. "
"President Barack Obama ""had the legal authority"" to strike Syria without a vote from Congress. "
"The United Nations has conducted ""172 successful peacekeeping missions and negotiations."" "
"Pending a federal waiver, the 2013 Legislature ""eliminated the overtesting of students in grades 3-8 by decreasing the number of tests from 17 to 8."" "
"There ""are 500 registered Republicans moving"" to Texas ""every day."" "
"""7 out of 10 Oregon families living in poverty have at least one parent who works."" "
"""The Kenosha casino would be one of the state’s largest employers and pay more to the state than any other company or Tribe – essentially, it would be Wisconsin’s biggest taxpayer."" "
"""We've seen priests beheaded by the Islamic rebels on the other side. We've also seen an Islamic rebel eating the heart of a soldier."" "
"""Before President Obama acted in Libya in 2011, the American people were opposed to military action by 35 to 60. After he took action, they were in support of it 54 to 43."" "
"""The government does not need a warrant to read your old emails."" "
"""CBO reports that delaying the Obamacare individual mandate will reduce the deficit by $35 billion over ten years."" "
he would be first CPA to serve as Texas comptroller. 
"""Trenton politicians cut $1.3 billion from education."" "
"""Over the past twenty years, the number of homicides committed with a firearm in the United States has decreased by nearly 40 percent. The number of other crimes involving the use of a firearm has also plummeted, declining by nearly 70 percent."" "
Salaries for URI faculty are second to last among New England land grant universities and in lowest 20 percent of major U.S. research institutions 
"""We cut business taxes so today 70 percent of our businesses don't pay a business tax."" "
"""Rep. Frank Wolf voted to allow terror suspects to buy guns."" "
"About 40 percent of U.S. illegal immigrants ""came in on an airplane, with a legal visa, and just overstayed their visa and have never gone home."" "
The number of African-American men in prison has increased fivefold since he left office. 
"According to a recent poll, ""there are more young Republicans enrolled in their parents' (health insurance) plans than young Democrats."" "
"there's a ""100-year-old international norm not to use chemical weapons."" "
"""The average family premium has increased by 29% under Obama!"" "
"""The House did vote against engagement in Kosovo, and Bill Clinton kept fighting anyway. And, then, ultimately, a vote did pass."" "
Americans spend more than $160 billion and 6 billion hours per year complying with the tax code. 
"Under the Endangered Species Act, ""only 1 percent of the species that have been listed have actually been delisted."" "
"Fleeing Syria, ""a million children are now refugees."" "
"""The city of Portland has won more national Constitution contests than any city in America."" "
"Congress secured special Obamacare rules ""to prevent their healthcare costs from rising.""   "
"Because of Gov. Scott Walker’s budgeting, a greater percentage of general fund tax dollars is ""going to pay off debt than ever before in our history."" "
"Cory Booker ""supports late-term and partial-birth abortion and opposes safety regulations."" "
"""Minnesota, Michigan, Iowa already have 70 mph"" speed limits on rural interstates, and ""we see that they’ve been able to do it safely."" "
"The R.I. Turnpike and Bridge Authority ""was supposed to exist only until the bonds used to build the Newport Bridge were paid off through tolls. Once the bonds were paid, the Newport Bridge was to be transferred to the State of Rhode Island and become toll-free."" "
Half of Oregon university students are on Pell Grants. 
"Offshore wind power is ""significantly less expensive than solar energy."" "
"""Every year, more than $40 million are leaving Missouri for the Lone Star State."" "
"""We are about halfway"" to the president’s goal to cut greenhouse gas emissions and ""about half of that is because of the substitution of natural gas for coal in the power sector."" "
"that ""unlike Texas, Missouri has a perfect AAA credit rating."" "
"South Carolina has ""the fastest-growing economy in the Southeast."" "
"""While fat-cat bureaucrats at the Department of Education are getting paid an average salary of $102,000 a year, teachers in Georgia are getting paid half of that."" "
"In the Wisconsin health insurance exchange, ""the Society of Actuaries points out that there'll be, according to them, an 82 percent increase in individual premiums over the next couple years under Obamacare."" "
"U.S. Sen. Ron Johnson voted to let oil and gas companies emit ""unlimited carbon pollution into our air"" "
"""I’ve got the spending down, I’ve got the debt down a little bit, I’ve got the reserves up."" "
"an illegal immigrant fraudulently claimed children who actually lived in Mexico on income tax forms to collect more than $29,000. "
"""New York is the safest big city in the nation, and our crime reductions have been steeper than any other big city’s."" "
"""State law says that once the state appraises a piece of property, they can only pay it a certain amount above appraisal.""   "
"under Mayor Cory Booker, Newark has seen ""violent crime up five years in a row, murder up five years in a row."" "
"""Global surface temperatures have been flat for 16 years."" "
"Florida’s ""high school graduation rates continue to increase at the fastest rate in the nation, with Florida leading the nation in the rate of Hispanic graduates."" "
"""There are only four countries in the world that ... legalize abortion after five months -- China, North Korea, Canada and the U.S."" "
"Under a new law regulating abortions, ""Even if you're raped, if you don't report it in the first 30 days, the Republicans will force you to have an ultrasound."" "
"he ""sued Obama’s EPA seven times."" "
"unions call Obamacare ""bad for workers."" "
"""We now sell more products made in America to the rest of the world than ever before."" "
"Marijuana is ""less toxic"" than alcohol. "
"Atlanta now has as many visitors as Las Vegas, San Diego and Los Angeles. Orlando, Fla., and New York City still have more visitors. "
"""Polls show that 96 percent of New Jerseyans – and 95 percent of gun households in the state – support expanding background checks to keep guns away from those who shouldn’t have them."" "
"The oceans ""have become 30 percent more acidic."" "
"""Since the passage of the Affordable Care Act, U.S. health care spending grew at 3.9 percent for the last three years, the lowest growth rate in over 50 years.""   "
"Under Obamacare, members of Congress are required to purchase their health insurance from the new exchanges. "
"""nearly half of Oregon's children are poor."" "
"""60 percent of Texas 8th graders are not proficient in math. Only 26% have a teacher with a undergraduate major in math.""   "
"Sen. Marco Rubio ""refuses to accept the basic science"" on climate change and is ""a climate change denier."" "
"Many uninsured Americans are ""young."" "
"According to the U.S. Census Bureau, 71.2 percent of Hispanic registered voters in Texas and over 86 percent of African American registered voters participated in the 2012 elections. "
"Medicaid spending declined by 1.9 percent in 2012, the second such decline in 47 years. "
"that each year, about 25,000 American women become pregnant through rape or incest. "
"""Why didn't (uninsured Americans) buy insurance? Because of the expense."" "
"""Sixty percent of the auto thefts that we have in (St. Petersburg) are caused by people leaving their keys in the car."" "
"Mitch McConnell pushed ""the Wall Street bailout through the U.S. Senate"" and called it ""the Senate at its finest."" "
"President Franklin Delano Roosevelt ""felt there wasn’t a need in the public sector to have collective bargaining because the government is the people."" "
"""For anybody who's trying to cross the street and has seen those signs that say you have to stop when pedestrians are in the crosswalk, that was a bill that I passed."" "
"that while Foster was mayor, Rick Kriseman was ""ineffective"" in the Florida House of Representatives because ""there was no legislation that passed the House that had (Kriseman’s) name on it."" "
"President Barack Obama ""has taken 92 days of vacation since he was sworn in,"" compared to 367 for President George W. Bush at the same point in his presidency. "
Virginia saved $300 million by rebidding a Metrorail construction project to exclude guaranteed union contracts. 
there are half as many students in one Georgia technical college than there were two years ago. 
"""We need to pass a carbon tax to stop climate change. Break up the Wall Street banks. And stop the government spying on innocent Americans. Cory Booker doesn’t support any of these ideas.""   "
"On average, college students ""are taking six years to get a four-year degree.""   "
"Twenty four states have voter ID or comparable restrictions; before Barack Obama was elected, it was two. "
"""in Oregon today, the average debt upon college graduation is more than $24,000."" "
"""Ohioans can expect to pay up to 41 percent more for their insurance premiums when Obamacare takes effect next year."" "
"""If we don't spend money on a pier, then that money does wipe into the general funds of the city or the county, and if you send it to the county, you never see it again."" "
"""nearly 29,000 Oregonians — almost 5 percent of all homeowners — are 90 days or more delinquent on their mortgage."" "
"""the acting chief of the IRS said he – and the majority of IRS employees – would rather stay with his current"" health ""plan than switch to Obamacare."" "
"federal regulations adopted in 2011 increased the cost of each vehicle for his business by $10,000. "
"""There is no planned air-conditioned restaurant out on the Lens."" "
"Florida refused to allow the insurance commissioner to ""negotiate lower rates with companies or refuse rates that are too high"" under Obamacare. "
"""Obamacare … carries on even under a government shutdown."" "
"""Half of all adults have a pre-existing condition"" that could affect their health care coverage. "
"""Since the Affordable Care Act passed, 90 percent of job growth has been in full-time positions."" "
"""This year, the overwhelming majority of new jobs are part time."" "
"""The Georgia Department of Education has implemented a new policy beginning in August that states that public schools will no longer accept credits from home school entities or non-traditional education centers."" "
"by rejecting an expansion of Medicaid under the new law, Georgia was depriving 25,000 veterans of health care coverage. "
"The federal deficit is ""growing."" "
"""For several days in July of 2012, Greenland surface ice cover melted more than at any time in 30 years of satellite observation. During that month, an estimated 97% of the ice sheet thawed."" "
"""In fact New Jersey is a donor state, we get 61 cents back on every dollar we send to Washington. And interestingly Kentucky gets $1.51 on every dollar they send to Washington."" "
"A Republican housing finance reform bill ""would eliminate a person’s ability to obtain 15- and 30-year mortgages."" "
"""They’ve seen employer-supported coverage increase in Massachusetts after this law (Romneycare) was implemented.""   "
" ""Under Obama, families have lost over $4,000 a year in income."" "
"about NSA data collection: ""Every member in both parties who served on the Intelligence Committee voted in favor of this."" "
"""This year, we're off to our best private-sector jobs growth since 1999."" "
"""A high school dropout makes on average $19,000 a year, a high school graduate makes $28,000 a year, a college graduate makes $51,000 a year."" "
"""The fact is that red light cameras change driver behavior and cut down on the most dangerous types of accidents."" "
"the State Department spent $630,000 to get 2 million Facebook ""Likes."" "
"""The Congressional Budget Office, a nonpartisan office, did an analysis and said that passing comprehensive immigration reform will reduce the federal deficit by $200 billion over the next decade."" "
"The minimum wage is ""lower right now than it was when Ronald Reagan took office."" "
"Government subsidies for renewable energies such as wind and solar are 100 times greater than those given to gas and coal, and 50 times greater than what the nuclear industry enjoys. "
"""Over 12,000 school kids were arrested in Florida. It makes Florida the nation's leader in that area."" "
A provision of the Senate immigration bill would require you to have government permission to get a second job. 
"""More than 72 percent of children in the African-American community are born out of wedlock."" "
"President Barack Obama has ""announced that he would not sign ANY spending bills this year unless sequestration spending cuts are eliminated."" "
"The federal Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is ""collecting financial information, monitoring financial information of millions of Americans"" without their knowledge and ""storing it for up to 10 years.""   "
"""Every single month since 1985 has been warmer than the historic average. All 12 of the warmest years on record have come in the last 15 years."" "
residents of Texas and San Antonio can be fired or denied jobs because they are gay. 
"Rick Scott  ""invested $38 million in the Port of Jacksonville's vital Mile Point Project,"" which ""covered missing federal funds for the project."" "
"""Our businesses have created nearly twice as many jobs in this recovery as they had at the same point in the last recovery, when there was no Obamacare."" "
"""The Senate immigration bill is … filled with things like rewards for au pair agencies, Alaskan seafood processors and Vegas casinos."" "
"""our deficits are falling at the fastest rate in 60 years."" "
"""The income of the top 1 percent nearly quadrupled from 1979 to 2007, but the typical family’s incomes barely budged."" "
"""Most of the U.S. Senate is comprised of multimillionaires."" "
"""Gangs have increased by 40 percent since this president was elected."" "
" last year ""13 million (health insurance) rebates went out, in all 50 states. Another 8.5 (million) rebates are being sent out this summer, averaging around 100 bucks each."" "
" ""The U.S. Postal Service doesn’t run on your tax dollars. It’s funded solely by stamps and postage."" "
" ""The FL Guard has defended our freedom in Afghanistan, Iraq, and put their lives at risk; now the fed govt is going to cut their pay 20%."" "
" ""The president has had 1,540 of his nominations confirmed, only four defeated."" "
" New school testing standards ""will consume approximately twenty days of testing for elementary, middle and high school students."" "
"The ocean is now ""much more acidic . . . than it has been for many millions of years."" "
" The city of Brookhaven’s ordinance could cause the Pink Pony to close, thereby ""putting 300 Pink Pony employees out of work in this economy."" "
" ""We’re importing about 10 percent of our milk supply. We’re America’s Dairyland, but yet we don’t have enough milk in this state to meet the demand for our cheesemakers."" "
" Portland Bureau of Transportation ""barely break(s) even"" ticketing motorists. "
" ""Since I was elected, crime rates have been at their lowest in over a decade."" "
"""Texas ranks: #1 in worker deaths, #1 carbon emissions, #50 in high school graduates, #50 in funding for mental health patients."" "
" Food stamp spending ""doubled under President Bush, doubled again under President Obama.""   "
" ""Georgia is nearly 50 percent Democratic and (the Republican majority) diminished our voting strength to 32 percent through gerrymandered maps."" "
" Austin is the ""largest city in America without a congressional district anchored in it."" "
 health insurance premiums will rise under Obamacare. 
" ""excise taxes are...disproportionately burdening middle- and lower-income consumers."" "
"The Hispanic population in Gwinnett and Henry counties has increased by 153 percent and 339 percent, respectively, since 2000 while Republican presidential candidates are getting a smaller percentage of the vote in those counties. "
" ""Guess what, governor? There’s no fried butter in Newark. Just 13 percent unemployment."" "
"that in Curry County, ""if you make a 911 call you’re likely to wait for an hour for a response."" "
 Obama administration delay of health care law's employer mandate affects about 1 percent of the American workforce. 
" ""Twenty-four percent of doctors in Virginia currently don’t accept new Medicaid patients because the reimbursement rates are so low."" "
" proposed anti-abortion legislation ""would force women facing the most personal of health decisions to endure a transvaginal ultrasound."" "
" ""There was a Gallup poll in Egypt last year, and 70 percent of Egyptians don't want our money."" "
 a growing number of extremely premature babies survive into healthy childhood. 
"""Canada has one-tenth of our population—yet it issues far more high-skilled visas (more than 150,000) yearly than we do (65,000)."" "
" Economic Development Commission Executive Director Keith Stokes ""sent me a letter and he said the taxpayers will never be on the hook for these bonds"" for 38 Studios. "
 Electricity rates are 40 percent higher in states that have required utility companies to use a certain amount of renewable energy such as solar power. 
" ""Every major religion is opposed to same-sex marriage."" "
"""We're already seeing bakers and florists and photographers forced to participate in same-sex marriages under the threat of law and in some cases even jail."" "
"under the Senate immigration bill, newly legalized immigrants will ""pay every tax possible, but you don’t get a single benefit"" for 10 years. "
" ""In New Hampshire, 93 percent of Democrats, 79 percent of Republicans, 82 percent of gun owners and 60 percent of NRA households support background checks."" "
" ""It is against the law for the NSA to record or monitor Americans’ phone calls without getting a specific FISA warrant to do so."" "
 spending in the fiscal 2009 budget was lower than spending in the fiscal 2014 budget 
" ""Currently, it takes up to 25 years to obtain U.S. citizenship legally"" but the Senate bill ""would allow immigrants who came to the United States illegally to obtain citizenship in just 13 years."" "
" Florida ""rubber-stamped phony horse racing."" "
" ""About 95 percent of (Ohio’s) electricity comes from burning coal."" "
" President Obama has cracked down ""on employers who are attracting undocumented immigrants and hiring them more than any previous president."" "
" In South Florida, ""we've had nine inches of sea-level rise since the 1920s."" "
" $800,000 cost of Texas special legislative session would pay for 1.6 million condoms, 90,000 months of the pill or 20 full-time sexual health educators. "
 Bob Barr has changed his position on the Defense of Marriage Act over the years. 
"If it is enacted, the Senate immigration bill is ""going to make the Border Patrol bigger than the FBI -- you could put one agent every 250 feet."" "
" ""President Obama has the most border patrols and border security deployed at the border of any previous president."" "
" ""In 1999, the NRA leadership in Washington, pretty much the same people intact, were for (expanded background checks.)"" "
" ""In 1960, most black children were raised in two-parent, monogamous families."" Today ""we have only 20 percent of black children being raised in two-parent, monogamous families..."" "
" ""(T)he United States government and its Constitution says that people can be put to death."" "
" ""Not one tax has been raised since I've been governor."" "
" ""Seventy-four percent of Rhode Islanders support [a] national popular vote [for president] because they, as I, believe in one person-one vote."" "
 student loan interest rates will double from 3.4 percent to 6.8 percent July 1. 
" Wendy Davis, ""born into difficult circumstances,"" was the daughter of a single mother and a teenage mother herself. "
"Recent record-low water levels in Lake Michigan are evidence that global warming is leading to ""the evaporation of our Great Lakes."" "
" A private school tax break in the Wisconsin state budget is ""the most generous in the nation."" "
 Delaware County has more waterfront property than any other county in the state of Ohio 
" As a student at Occidental College in Los Angeles from 1979 to 1981, ""there were days where folks couldn't go outside. … because of all the pollution in the air."" "
" ""If you are born poor in America, we rank ninth or tenth in our citizens’ ability to climb up through that ladder and get themselves into the middle class."" "
 92 percent of Texas counties had no abortion provider in 2008. 
" proposed teacher contract ""would layer on more restrictive rules."" "
 he can be on the ballot for Congress while serving time in jail. 
" 97 percent of food stamp benefits ""are paid in the proper amounts to people who are really eligible."" "
 Georgia Power customers pay 10 percent to 15 percent below the national average for electricity. 
" ""People want the minimum wage, they want marriage equality, they want women’s health care. There’s issues that actually that really do matter, social issues that matter to the people of this state. So I know Barbara would support those issues, I know the governor hasn’t. You’ve seen the actions he’s taken on them."" "
" ""We have one of the most expensive General Assemblies, per capita, in the entire country."" "
" TriMet spends ""$10.3 million in police contracts"" a year for 56 transit police who must respond to non-transit calls "
 the 2014-15 Texas budget increases spending by less than the rate of inflation and population growth. 
" Proposed cuts in the House farm bill mean ""2 million less people on food stamps, 210,000 children will not receive school lunches or breakfasts."" "
" ""In the past four years, (the U.S. Senate) has only passed nine out of 48 appropriation bills."" "
" ""Since Newtown, more people have died at the end of a gun than we have lost in Afghanistan."" "
" The Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation is a ""proven job creator."" "
" ""Immigrants are more fertile."" "
" ""Some of these members of the House of Representatives get hundreds of thousands of dollars in farm subsidies"" but want to cut food stamps. "
" Corporate tax holidays pushed by Presidents John F. Kennedy and George W. Bush brought ""billions"" of dollars back into the United States. "
"""Worldwide credit card transactions, the credit card fraud rate is 0.04 percent, compared to almost 8 percent, 9 percent, 10 percent of Medicare fraud."" "
" that when the Rolling Stones performed in an Austin park, they paid $25,000 to the nearby city of Rollingwood ""for one night of inconvenience."" "
" ""Rhode Island has a [inmate] recidivism rate of over 60 percent."" "
" ""More than half of last year's U.S. college graduates are unemployed or underemployed."" "
 The Pink Pony club in DeKalb County has never been cited for any violation of an ordinance or state law. 
" ""It's expressly prohibited by law that you can read and wholly surveil domestic email traffic in the United States."" "
" Currently, the intelligence community ""can collect business records on law-abiding Americans who have no connection to terrorism."" "
" ""We haven't had a Republican senator in Washington for ... why, I think Clifford Case was our last Republican senator."" "
 Texas law requires state agencies to give preference to goods produced and grown in Texas. 
" Madison Mayor Paul Soglin's stated intent when proposing that city contractors disclose private political donations was to ""discourage contributions to organizations with which he disagrees."" "
" ""47 - New provisions ObamaCare charges the IRS with implementing, according to the Government Accountability Office."" "
" Gov. Rick Scott returned ""$1 million in federal funding that would have helped the state cover the cost of overseeing insurance rates under the new health care law."" "
" The problem of unwanted sexual contacts in the military ""is not just a woman's issue. More than half of the victims are men."" "
" ""We (Georgia) collect fewer state taxes per capita than any other state … although state taxes are low, Georgia is the eighth-most-dependent state on the federal government."" "
" ""If Obamacare is fully implemented, 30 million people will still be without health insurance."" "
" ""Black children constitute 18 percent of the nation's public school population but 40 percent of the children who are suspended or expelled."" "
" ""Our ranking in terms of the best and worst states to do business in was 43 four years ago, and we just moved up to 17 two weeks ago."" "
" ""New Jersey’s once-broken pension system is now solvent."" "
" ""RIPTA has really some of the fullest buses for its transit agency size around the country."" "
" ""There was no surge in 501(c)(4) applications in 2010."" "
" ""My judicial nominees have waited three times longer to receive confirmation votes than those of my Republican predecessor."" "
" ""The violent crime rate in America is the same as it was in 1968, yet our prison system has grown by over 500 percent."" "
" ""Nearly 6 out of 10 believe that money and wealth should be more evenly distributed among a larger percentage of the people in the U.S."" "
"Americans ""invented ‘Pong,’ ‘Space Invaders’ and the iPhone."" "
" ""Barbara Buono by the numbers: As a Trenton politician, she voted to raise taxes 154 times. Under her, property taxes up 70 percent. Backed a 16 percent sales tax increase. Utilities, nursing homes, cell phones, parking lots, lottery wins, gyms – She taxed them all. Architect of Corzine’s budget, she drove New Jersey $2 billion into debt. Barbara Buono by the numbers: taking New Jersey backwards."" "
 My office is about a 300-step walk to the governor's office. 
" ""During the Civil War, more than 300,000 Ohioans served in the Union Army -- more per capita than any other state."" "
 first eight chosen to draw Austin City Council districts are seven Democratic primary voters and one Republican primary voter. 
"that in Texas, Republican nominees ""get 40 percent of the Latino vote on average."" "
" ""We cut taxes 24 times."" "
" In Miami-Dade County, ""we spend at our school system over $20 million every year"" educating recent immigrants. "
" Cuyahoga County ""passed a program to guarantee a college savings account for every single child who enters kindergarten in this county -- the first county in the United States to do so."" "
" ""A bag of Cheetos costs less to buy than an apple,"" and in some Milwaukee neighborhoods ""good luck trying to find an apple or a banana or some sort of healthy option"""
" Wisconsin has ""one of the most progressive tax codes in the country."" "
"""Jon Corzine, elected governor. Teams up with Barbara Buono. $1.2  billion sales tax increase? Passed. Most spending in state history? Passed. After Buono named budget chair, taxes and fees increase 23 times in just two years. State debt? Up $13.4 billion. Unemployment? Doubled."" "
" Since Gina Raimondo took office, investment fees on the state's pension portfolio ""have gone up from about $12 million annually to about $50 million."" "
"Says  ""With nearly 75 percent of Americans supportive of the construction of the pipeline, Schrader needs to explain to Oregon families why he voted against this needed project.""   "
" The Obama administration has put out ""more of these major rules than the Clinton administration or the Bush administration during comparable times."" "
" Says, ""Oregon has the third largest class size in the nation."" "
" ""The UK has an unarmed police force and a firearm fatality rate that is 40 times lower per capita than in the U.S."" "
 The federal government could save $500 million annually by circulating $1 coins instead of $1 bills. 
"El Paso is the ""safest city of our size in the nation."" "
" ""Nothing in the Constitution explicitly guarantees our right to vote."" "
 Fewer Democrats were on the Georgia general election ballot in 2012 than in more than 100 years. 
"""In our community college system (state) cuts have reduced funding per student by $1,908."" "
" Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius told insurance companies ""they couldn't inform their policyholders of what they thought the impact of Obamacare would be on them."" "
 The proposed raises for the Norcross City Council would put it in line with other liked-sized communities. 
"""18 percent of our land in our state right now is either federally, state or county owned for conservation purposes."" "
" ""To hear Gov. Christie tell it, everything in New Jersey is going just fine. Well I see another New Jersey with 400,000 unemployed. One of the worst jobless rates in the country. Working and middle class families have seen costs soar, from property taxes to college tuition."" "
" the inspector general for the IRS said there was ""no political motivation"" and ""no outside influence"" for targeting of tax-exempt applications from tea party groups   "
" that since he took office, ""there have been no large-scale attacks on the United States."" "
" The state of Georgia lost 16 percent of its employees last year, and that percentage has risen over the past three years. "
" Says, ""In Oregon in 2010, 49 percent of all pregnancies were unintended."" "
" ""New Jersey's governor cut $1.6 billion from public education while handing out $2.1 billion in corporate tax breaks, more than the entire previous decade."" "
" ""If you are black or brown, you are nine times more likely to be stopped and frisked"" in New York City. "
" ""We have a tax code that allows groups to use their political operations within the tax code, under the guise of a charity, to use undisclosed millions of dollars to do political campaigns."" "
" ""The IRS doesn't have to prove something against you ... you've got the burden of proof."" "
" ""This budget also reflects the smallest state government workforce per 1,000 residents in Florida in this century."" "
 Sam Houston opposed slavery and as governor said Texas should not leave the union over slavery. 
" There are about 120,000 solar energy jobs in the United States, but only 1,700 of them are in Georgia. "
" it's ""estimated that 300 babies a year are sent home from the hospital with an unrecognized congenital heart defect; it is the most common birth defect in America.""                    "
 Fulton County government hasn’t raised its millage rate since 1991. 
"""Buono voted 154 times to raise our taxes -- like the sales tax, the income tax, health care taxes, even small business taxes."" "
" paid family leave is ""a program that is standard in all but five nations around the world."" "
 A 0.05 standard for drunken driving means having a glass of wine at dinner could make a person drunk. 
" that according to a report, ""the tech sector now drives more than one-quarter of Austin’s economy."" "
 President Barack Obama’s proposed budget includes two new tax increases that would collect about $14 billion. 
 Ken Lanci is a lifelong Clevelander 
"""The Affordable Care Act is bringing the cost of health care in our country down."" "
" ""Expanding Medicaid would require borrowing more money, drastically expanding our deficit."" "
" ""Under Republican Governor Chris Christie, tolls cost more. Train and bus rides cost more. College tuition goes up. But Christie protected a tax cut for millionaires."" "
" ""The State of Wisconsin thinks you should have to"" wash your hands ""at least 28 times to make one peanut butter-and-jelly sandwich."" "
" ""The Social Security trust fund is sound. Without anything being done, it would function well into 2038; and even after that time with no changes, we could pay 80 percent of the benefits that people have earned."" "
" Kelly Ayotte voted to ""fix background checks."" "
 The Georgia Lottery paid out $2.3 billion in prizes during the last fiscal year. 
"""we"" have put more boots on the U.S.-Mexico border ""than at any time in our history, and illegal crossings are down by nearly 80 percent from their peak in 2000."" "
" ""70,000 three-year-olds and four-year-olds across America will lose access to the preschool Head Start program. ... 2,000 in the state of Florida alone.""  "
" ""Only three in 10 young Americans under 30 -- 30 percent under 30 -- have full-time work."" "
 Ohio’s lost more jobs in March than any other state in the nation. 
" Wars in Afghanistan and Iraq have cost every U.S. family $45,000. "
"""Four balanced budgets in a row, with no new taxes for anyone. The best job growth in 12 years. Nearly 130,000 new private-sector jobs. Merit pay to reward New Jersey’s best teachers, and the most education funding ever."" "
"""Two years ago Providence alone spent $50,000 a year notifying the school department"" about residents in the state's sex offender registry. "
 he has sued the Obama administration 25 times. 
" A Wisconsin bill to limit use of food stamps for junk food would also ""prevent -- or limit --  the extent to which"" food stamps could be used for organic foods. "
" North Korea has a ""substantial standing army, one of the largest, certainly the largest per capita, in the world."""
" ""The economy added more jobs during four years under Obama than it did in the entire eight years under George W. Bush.""   "
"""Over the last 10 years, Texas created 33 percent of the net new jobs nationwide."" "
 state’s mandated tests come from an English company. 
" Among Hispanics, support for immigration reform is close to universal. "
"""Four balanced budgets in a row, with no new taxes for anyone. The best job growth in 12 years. Nearly 130,000 new private-sector jobs. Merit pay to reward New Jersey’s best teachers, and the most education funding ever."" "
" ""The idea of one casino per tribe is a false one."" "
" University of Wisconsin System's reserves are in the ""mid- to low-range"" of comparable university systems. "
 Texas leads the nation in fatal industrial accidents. 
" Then-Gov. Carl Sanders put 56 percent of the state budget into education, a figure that has not been achieved since. "
" that under Rick Perry’s plan, ""Texas has cut funding for public schools by 25%."" "
"The labor market is weak because if you count the unemployed, underemployed, and those who’ve stopped looking for work,  the unemployment rate ""actually went up last month to 13.5 percent."" "
" ""We are dealing with an administration that, quite frankly, has shown a reluctance to enforce the immigration law."" "
" ""In 29 states in this country you can still get fired for not just being gay, but if your employer thinks you are gay."" "
" ""The port provides more than 297,000 jobs directly to the state of Georgia."" "
" ""Six out of 10 of the highest unemployment rates are also in so-called right to work states."" "
" a state bill checks the spending habits of the Milwaukee County Board of Supervisors by ""bringing it in line with other county boards around the state.""   "
" ""We’re spending less money today, in upcoming fiscal year 2014 than the Corzine-Buono budget spent in fiscal year 2008."" "
" ""If you are a federally licensed gun dealer and your license is revoked because you've engaged in misconduct ... your entire inventory under prevailing law is deemed your personal collection. You then can sell it free from any background checks."" "
" opponents of proposed Austin school district bonds say the district’s ""debt load doubles with these new bonds."" "
" proponents of a bond package for the Austin school district say the district has the second-lowest bond tax rate ""among the Central Texas area school districts."" "
" ""Just about everyone everywhere is spending more hours on the job, less time with their families, bringing home smaller and smaller paychecks, while they're paying more and more at the gas pump and the grocery stores."" "
" South Carolina has a labor shortage, specifically in the meatpacking industry. "
" For people with insurance, the only impact of the health care law ""is that their insurance is stronger, better and more secure than it was before. Full stop. That's it. They don't have to worry about anything else."" "
" ""The Internal Revenue code has ballooned to a 5,600-page, 4 million-word complicated mess that is seven times as long as the Bible with none of the good news."" "
" ""Every Florida teacher gets a pay raise."" "
" The Dolphins stadium renovation will ""create more than 4,000 new local jobs."" "
" Long-term federal investment in U.S. airports is urgent because ""there was a recent survey of the top airports … in the world, and there was not a single U.S. airport that came in the top 25."" "
" The Milwaukee County Board approved a reform package by a 15-3 vote, ""meaning Board Supervisors’ salaries will be cut by 20 percent"" and ""the Board’s budget will be cut by 50 percent."" "
" Federal prosecutions for lying on background checks to buy guns are ""down 40 percent"" under President Barack Obama. "
" state Senate leaders have accepted $142,400 in campaign contributions from dentists and pharmacists during the past two years. "
" new Medicare billing guidelines ""have nine codes for (injuries by) turkeys."" "
" ""Over half"" of science, technology, engineering and mathematics students ""receiving advanced degrees are not citizens of the United States of America."" "
" ""Despite having their budget increased by over 40 percent since 2009 … pending claims for benefits with the (Department of Veterans Affairs) have increased from 391,000 to 890,000 under the Obama Administration."" "
 more Austinites voted in the city’s 1973 election featuring a mayor’s race than in the city’s most recent mayoral election. 
" ""One in five"" women in the military ""are receiving unwanted sexual contact,"" as are ""3.3 percent of men."" "
" ""Do you know those former Soviet Bloc countries have all moved to flat taxes?"" "
" ""Most state employees did not receive any pay raise from 2009 to 2012."" "
" ""If anyone should know irresponsible it should be Senator Buono. She’s the one, her budget left us with a $2 billion budget deficit in fiscal 10 that I had to fix. Her mistakes. And for fiscal year 2011 an $11 billion budget deficit. Her mistakes, along with her partner Jon Corzine."" "
"""Narragansett Bay waters are getting warmer -- 4 degrees Fahrenheit warmer in the winter since the 1960s."" "
" ""Odd fact for odd draft: No. 2 overall pick will earn more than the No. 1 pick due to no state tax in Florida. So 2 not so bad."" "
 businesses pay roughly 60 percent of taxes in Texas. 
 the U.S. fleet of attack submarines is scheduled to fall below the 48 boats that Navy says it needs to carry out current missions. 
" ""The United States currently has the highest corporate tax rate in the world."" "
" ""Texas ranks 49th in per-pupil funding among the states."" "
" 315,000 mostly minority Texas students are enrolled in failing schools. "
" ""Women in Ohio earn on average 77 cents for every dollar earned by a man."" "
" The election bill ""allows persons to correct an absentee ballot if they did not sign it and requires an extra two hours a day for early voting. Everything else in this bill is discretionary."" "
" The Boston Marathon bombing ""is the fifth case"" in which U.S. government officials examined individuals potentially involved in terrorism ""and felt they were no threat and they went on to carry out terrorist murders."" "
 About 3 percent of Gov. Nathan Deal’s appointments have been African-American. 
" Right now, if Rhode Island police come across a young person with a gun, ""they really don't legally have the right to take it away from them."" "
"""No poll done this year ... shows less than a majority to reinstate a federal ban on assault weapons."" "
 Congress has spent 66 of the first 100 days of this term in recess. 
" under his utility rate plan, ""An estimated 50 percent of our residential households will see a decrease in their water and wastewater bills."" "
" ""The sex-offender registry has been around for a long time, and the research that's out there says that it has no positive impact on the public safety."" "
" Abraham Lincoln supported an agreement that allowed slavery in New Mexico ""and a law to return runaway slaves to their owners."" "
" A ""wide majority of NRA households ... supported this legislation"" on gun background checks. "
 The decision to remove Chick-fil-A from Emory University was based solely on student feedback. 
" A bipartisan background check amendment ""outlawed any (gun) registry.  Plain and simple, right there in the text."" "
" ""The NRA used to support expanded background checks."" "
" Polls show that Americans ""overwhelmingly"" support ""expanding background checks.""   "
" Texas ranks 49th nationally in ""what we are doing to support our per-pupil investment in education in the state."" "
" ""Women make 77 cents for every dollar earned by men."" "
" The immigration proposal from the Gang of Eight ""is not amnesty."" "
" ""Rick Scott has paid down our debt by about $2 billion. Charlie Crist’s debt went up about $5 billion."" "
" ""We Really Do Have the Highest Corporate Tax Rate in the World."" "
" President Barack Obama ""has allowed, each year he's been here, the prosecutions of gun cases (for background check failures) to go down. ... They've declined every year since President Bush left office."" "
" a gun bill before the Senate would make it a federal felony to ""leave town for more than seven days, and leave someone else at home with your firearms."" "
 Texas lawmakers in 2011 ordered school districts to test every student on their respiratory system and weight. 
" A proposed bill in the Florida Legislature ""would authorize the public hoarding of cats by feral cat activists."" "
" ""a pack-a-day smoker who quits because of the tax increase will save about $1,650 a year."" "
" Texas state funds were spent on ""a TV series on spouses cheating on their wives, kind of glorifying the act of cheating."" "
" ""The Social Security disability fund is going belly up in 2016."" "
"The Internal Revenue Service spent $60,000 on a ""Star Trek"" training video. "
" ""In Rhode Island, 28 percent of adults released from state prisons are re-incarcerated within a year."" "
" ""Under Republican Chris Christie, New Jersey had the highest increase in unemployment in the country last year. Nearly 1 in 10 jobless. The worst unemployment in the region. Near the bottom in economic growth, yet Christie protected a tax cut for millionaires but vetoed a minimum wage hike."" "
" When the NECAP proficiency test is re-given to the kids the second and third time, harder questions are taken out. "
" ""We have the fewest people employed in this country since 1979."" "
" PETA ""is using this really fancy drone to follow hunters around in some places in other countries."" "
" In South Carolina, women earn 76 cents on the dollar to men’s earnings. "
" ""A baby in Coos County is two times as likely to be born to a mother who is someone who used tobacco during her pregnancy as is the average baby born in Oregon or the U.S."" "
" ""Within the three miles surrounding the University Circle area, infant mortality exceeds some Third World countries."" "
" the 2010-11 New Hampshire budget ended with an $18 million surplus, while the Republican-led 2012-13 budget has a $40 million deficit. "
" ""Pasco County has the second highest population of homeless in all of Florida."" "
" ""Harvard Study Finds States With Most Gun Laws Have Fewest Gun Deaths."" "
" ""The vast majority of our public school students are receiving less state support than their private voucher peers.""   "
" Obama called Medicaid ""broken"" four years ago. "
" Air travelers ""can’t get on a plane in the United States without someone doing a background check"" on them. "
"in Chicago, ""we take more guns off the streets than New York or L.A."" "
" ""In the last two years, I have supported and proposed $155 billion worth of targeting cuts. Dr. Gingrey has presented zero."" "
" ""Right now, Texas doesn’t have an income tax and Oklahoma’s lowering their income tax rates, and guess what their severance tax is? Sky high."" "
" ""The financial penalties imposed"" on gay couples ""can cost us more than $300,000 compared with married heterosexual couples over a lifetime."" "
" The city of Nelson, Ga., is ""quieter than Mayberry."" "
" Paul Ryan’s budget ""keeps the Obamacare taxes and spending cuts that paid for Obamacare, but then cuts all of the benefits."" "
" ""No one knows who bought the [38 Studios] bonds. And there was some language put in the bond offer that they must remain anonymous."" "
" that even if his budget is adopted, private schools in the choice program would be getting about half the per-pupil funds that public schools receive "
" ""I've authored the first bipartisan tax reform bill in a quarter-century.""   "
" Preventive care coverage under the Affordable Care Act has already ""helped Granite Staters save money and live healthier lives.""  "
" A new law ""requires the USDA to approve the harvest and sale of crops from genetically modified seed even if a court has ruled against the crop as being dangerous to public safety or the environment."" "
 90 percent of Americans and 74 percent of National Rifle Association members support background checks of gun purchasers. 
" Forty aides who serve President Barack Obama ""owe $333,485 in back taxes."" "
" ""The average student in Florida, what they actually pay out of pocket at our major universities"" for tuition is as much or less than what they spend on cellphones. "
 carbon monoxide is still employed to euthanize dogs and cats in 29 Texas animal shelters. 
" ""Opponents of Section 5 (of the Voting Rights Act) complain of state expense, yet their only cost is the paper, postage and manpower required to send copies of legislation to the federal government for review."" "
" ""It is legal in Ohio to fire an employee or evict a tenant just for being gay."" "
" ""94 percent of (Marco Rubio's) constituents support a universal background check."" "
"""The hole in the earth that’s going to be dug (for the proposed Gogebic mine) is bigger than my entire district."" "
 that Secretary of State Jon Husted and former secretary Jennifer Brunner both have supported a provision in Senate Bill 47 that would limit the days organizers have to collect signatures for initiative and referendum petitions. 
 Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed held not one conversation with the public about the new Falcons stadium project 
" ""A study by the University of Virginia pulls back the curtain on Medicaid’s tragically bad outcomes, including ‘increased risk of adjusted mortality.’"" "
" When students leave our high schools and they go to the community college, 70-75 percent of them have to pay to take remedial math. "
" ""$1,100 of the tuition paid by every Oregon university student annually goes just to pay the costs of PERS."" "
" she has bipartisan support, including ""53 sheriffs throughout the state, Democrats and Republicans."" "
" ""In this city, there hasn’t been a stadium that’s lasted more than 27 years."" "
" ""Very few men outlive their own fertility."" "
" The national debt is ""larger than our entire annual economy."" "
" ""While the United States has seen its unemployment rate steadily decline, New Jersey's remains nearly two percent higher than the national average and more than a point higher than Connecticut and New York."" "
"Texas has ""11 different felonies you can commit with an oyster."" "
" ""Our debt now is about $140,000 per household."" "
" ""[A] 2009 USDA study found that 87 percent of chicken carcasses tested positive for generic E. coli ... just prior to packaging."" "
" ""Even Roger Williams National Memorial in my home state of Rhode Island attracted nearly 51,000 visitors in 2011, with non local visitors adding more than $3.2 million to the local economy."" "
" ""Quite frankly, it was during the Bush years of spending, multiplied now by the Obama years that we have this mess."" "
" New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg says ""we can only have three bullets"" and ""the NRA wants firearms with nukes on them."" "
" ""PPS employees have paid their own PERS contributions for many years.""  "
"""If you go back to 1999, Wayne LaPierre testified on behalf of the NRA that background checks were appropriate and should be done."" "
" ""Already, a prototype driverless car has traveled more than 300,000 miles in the crowded maze of California streets without a single accident."" "
" ""Under my predecessor, they cut funding for education, but they didn't give them anything in return to make up for that,"" leading to ""less money"" for school districts     "
"The United States spends ""$2.2 billion on free cell phones, $27 million on Moroccan pottery classes"" and pays for ""the travel expenses for the watermelon queen in Alabama.""     "
" ""Do you know that, statistically, when you take the SAT a second time, one third of the people that take the SAT, even if they've been studying, will get a lower score than they did the first time around?"" "
" While the sequester is in effect, the federal government is still funding a study on duck penises. "
" ""Nearly 65 percent -- almost two-thirds -- of all new permanent residents obtained that status by virtue of their family status."" "
" of 80,000 people who were denied a firearm in 2012 due to a failed background check, only 44 were prosecuted. "
" In 2008, ""only 54 percent of Latinos in Texas were registered to vote and only 35 percent actually turned out."" "
" Georgia loses ""millions of dollars of revenue because people go out of state to buy fireworks."" "
" ""Under Gov. Kasich, Ohio wages have increased by $10.3 billion."" "
" ""We have a federal government that thinks they have the authority to regulate our toilet seats."" "
" Said the year before he took office, the state lost 119,000 private-sector jobs, labeling them ""Corzine jobs losses of 2009."" "
"""Seven of the 10 highest-income counties in the country ring the city"" of Washington D.C. "
Wall Street megabanks that received bailouts in 2009 now get taxpayer-funded advantages not available to community banks in Ohio. 
" Virginia, Florida and Georgia are the three states that are the principal source for gun trafficking. "
" we will pay the new chancellor ""a basic salary of nearly $300,000 a year ... an amount that does not include the costs of this public employee’s benefits, perks and living expenses for a lavish house, an upscale car, a spending allowance, and fine dining almost every day on the taxpayer dollar."" "
" ""Taxes and fees amount to about 20 percent of a typical $300 round-trip domestic ticket. That’s higher than taxes on products like alcohol, tobacco and firearms."" "
"""DEP has 2,812 employees, the lowest level since the mid-’80s."" "
 Rhode Island is the last state still using the Optech III P voting machines and they don’t meet suggested federal standards. 
" ""In the period from 2007 to 2011, the Office of Health Insurance Commissioner reported an 18 percent decline in the state’s total medical spending."" "
" ""Our debt is already bigger than our economy."" "
" the federal government is supporting a study in Hawaii to ""develop a menu for when we colonize Mars."" "
" The transportation package passed by the General Assembly would impose the ""largest tax increase in Virginia’s history."" "
 Cobb is one of the largest school systems (in the nation) that is debt free. 
" ""There are 3 million jobs available in America that are not filled because too many of our people don’t have the skills for those jobs."" "
" ""Raising taxes on investment income has actually lowered the revenue received from the tax, while cutting capital gains tax rates has increased revenue."" "
" ""There are 3.6 million jobs sitting vacant, in part because there aren’t enough qualified applicants to fill them."" "
" Ohio Republicans made significant gains during [Chris McNulty’s] time at the ORP, including the extremely successful re-election of President Bush in Ohio."" "
" ""More than 64 percent of minimum-wage earners are women."" "
" ""The majority of my contributions have been from private individuals"" giving $125 on average, ""not from PACs, not from groups."" "
" ""When (John) Brennan ... was asked directly … ‘Is there any geographic limitation to your drone strike program?’ Brennan responded and said, ‘no, there is no limitation.’"" "
" Jennifer Horn, chairwoman of the N.H. Republican Party, owes $92,000 in back taxes. "
" ""More than 80 percent of Americans believe we need to have universal background checks."" "
" Says, ""I-205, six miles of which runs through my district, already carries more traffic than I-5."" "
" 100,000 are on waiting list to attend Texas charter schools. "
" The Legislature needs to spend $500 million to ""shore up"" the pension fund this year and the next 28 years to keep it ""afloat."" "
" Research found that ""over the course of the existence of the Brady Bill ban, the use of assault weapons in crimes decreased by two thirds.""   "
" The Georgia Senate ethics resolution ""doesn't define cap."" "
" ""There have been literally hundreds of new tax preferences and loopholes added to the code since 1986, last time we did this."" "
"A proposed ban on hollow-point bullets and bullets that expand upon impact ""essentially bans deer hunting."" "
" Jeb Bush ""flip-flop-flip(ped) on immigration."" "
" ""In 32 other states and Washington D.C., they [voters] can avoid the wait by voting before Election Day."" "
" Florida is ""second in the nation in the uninsured."" "
" ""In Wisconsin, only half of all the adults with serious psychological distress received mental health treatment or medication."" "
 the Georgia Dome would need up to $350 million in work over the next five to seven years. 
" ""When the president's spokesman was asked about (Anwar) al-Awlaki's son, … he said he should have chosen a more responsible father."" "
" Under Gov. John Kasich’s budget proposal, ""the top one percent in Ohio will pay $10,000 less in income tax each year, but Ohio’s working and middle class families will pay more."" "
" ""For the first time in eight years, our budget also increases funding for persons with disabilities by $36 million to help more disabled people receive community-based services."" "
" ""We have over 300,000,000 weapons, firearms in this country. That’s almost as big as the population."" "
" ""Rhode Island could tell you who has a camper, but we couldn't figure out who has a gun."" "
" if Oregon had limited its budget growth to the rate of population growth plus the rate of inflation, the state’s all-funds budget would be about $27 billion today, not $60 billion. "
 The United States gives $8 million a day to Israel and gives that country a blank check. 
" ""Do you know which state has the worst ratio of white voter turnout to African-American voter turnout? Massachusetts. Do you know what has the best, where African-American turnout actually exceeds white turnout? Mississippi."" "
" his proposed education spending ""is the highest state funding level in Florida history."" "
" ""Property taxes had increased 70 percent in the previous 10 years."" "
" The majority of public funding for the Marlins stadium ""came from hotel taxes, the burden of which is incurred by tourists who are visiting our city, NOT the resident taxpayers."" "
" ""In Atlanta, since 1994 when the ‘Seven Deadly Sins’ (mandatory minimum sentences) took effect, the violent crime rate has dropped 62 percent."" "
" Two-thirds of Wisconsinites receiving unemployment checks ""are not required to search for work due to current work search exemptions."" "
 New Hampshire is currently the only state in the nation that does not have a full-service veterans hospital or equivalent access. 
" ""Since January 2010, New Jersey has added 103,000 new private sector jobs. The last two years -- 2011 and 2012 -- have been the best two years of private sector job growth since 1999."" "
" ""Studies show the average age of entry into prostitution is 12 to 14 years old."" "
 a majority of Americans -- and Republicans -- support his approach for deficit reduction. 
" that since 1975, redistricting by Texas lawmakers has always been found in violation of Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act. "
" Virginia is ""the only state"" that has a tradition of attorneys general resigning if they run for governor. "
"the ""last non-partisan commission to improve the voting experience in America concluded that #VoterID was necessary."" "
" ""Of the 18 stadiums built from 2004 to 2013, 47 percent of the total cost came from public sources."" "
"In annual surveys of Rhode Island communities that receive Drug Free community grants, many report that more than 50 percent of youth surveyed do not think daily marijuana use poses any serious risk of harm. "
" ""About two-thirds of all consumption is services. . . It was just the opposite"" when the sales tax was enacted in the '30s. "
" ""There's going to be a slowdown and delays in flights"" as a result of the sequester. "
" Comic strip says government study shows Head Start ""has little or no impact on the children it’s supposed to help."" "
" ""When I ran against incumbent President Gerald Ford, you know how much money we raised? None."" "
 Felony crimes in the city of Atlanta are the lowest they have been since 1969. 
" In a budget deal struck in 2011 ""a trillion dollars of cuts went into effect immediately, and then a special committee was set up ... to get agreement on another $3 trillion of cuts."" "
" that except for foreign policy, Ron Paul’s voting record and his voting record are virtually identical. "
"""You can't bring an iPad or a piece of paper and a pencil in the (Wisconsin Assembly) gallery to take notes of what's going on,"" but ""you can bring a gun up there."" "
" ""New Jersey has lost over half of our pharmaceutical jobs to states you know, not low-tax states like in the South, but high-tax states like New York."" "
" Of six Rhode Island tax-credit programs worth about $35 million, ""three companies got 90 percent of that -- CVS and two companies not even located in the state of Rhode Island."" "
 Knopp says he upheld a campaign promise not to join the Public Employees Retirement System (PERS). 
" ""Kewpie burgers are delicious. An Ohio institution. And they'll cost less thanks to John Kasich's tax cut."" "
" if Congress doesn’t avoid the sequester, ""tens of thousands of parents will have to scramble to find child care for their kids."" "
" ""What concerns me is there is only two sentences that have been written about minority business."" "
" ""More than 9,000 Rhode Island voters used the Moderate Party master lever mechanism and they didn't have a single Moderate on their ballot."" "
" Without a Medicaid expansion, 275,000 more Ohioans could be getting their primary care in emergency rooms, costing ""everybody a lot of money."" "
" If the sequester hits, ""hundreds of thousands of Americans will lose access to primary care and preventive care like flu vaccinations and cancer screenings."" "
" The sequester ""won’t consider whether we’re cutting some bloated program that has outlived its usefulness, or a vital service that Americans depend on every single day. It doesn’t make those distinctions."" "
 Travis County's unemployment rate is below the national average while its poverty rate exceeds the national average--and local poverty is rising. 
" Says, ""when this governor came to office, he had (an) 11 billion dollar  - I call it mismanagement – deficit."" "
" Federal spending on entitlements ""is projected to consume all revenue by 2045."" "
" ""The only time in our history when the debt has been higher than this was the end of World War II."" "
" ""Nobody in total is proposing cutting anything. We’re trying to reduce the rate of growth in government."" "
" ""The majority of (the American people) voted for a Democratic House."" "
" ""There are 3 million jobs that go vacant each month in this country."" "
" ""Collectively states are spending more on Medicaid than they do on K-12 education."" "
 abortions are decreasing. 
" ""Every dollar we invested in high-quality, early education programs can save more than $7 later on by boosting graduation rates, reducing teen pregnancy, even reducing crime."" "
 wrestling was a favorite sport of Abraham Lincoln. 
" she heard more than 2,400 cases as a Wisconsin appeals court judge   "
" 2012 was the ""first year in American history that more minorities are being born than people in the majority.""   "
" Says, ""Statistics indicate that one in eight children, and one in 18 adults in Oregon suffers from mental illness."" "
" he ""has repeatedly praised Chuck Hagel’s character, patriotism, bravery, and personal service defending our nation."" "
" ""The 12 hottest years on record have come in the last 15 years."" "
 Texas is last in workers' compensation coverage. 
" ""Ohio companies export more goods and services globally than 41 other states."" "
"""Already, the Affordable Care Act is helping to slow the growth of (Medicare’s) health care costs."" "
 he and Mitt Romney agreed on tying minimum wage increases to inflation. 
"""I still live in the same working-class neighborhood I grew up in."" "
" ""We have a governor who's vetoed measures like increasing our minimum wage and restoring the earned income tax cut."" "
Texas ranks first among the states in the amount of carbon dioxide emitted and toxic chemicals released into water. 
" ""I was never against same-sex marriage."" "
" ""overwhelming majorities of Americans"" support gun legislation ""like background checks."" "
" Military spending cuts, known as the sequester, were President Barack Obama’s idea. "
" his administration has made ""progress"" on border enforcement by ""putting more boots on the southern border than at any time in our history and reducing illegal crossings to their lowest levels in 40 years."" "
" ""Our economy actually shrank during the last three months of 2012."" "
" ""After shedding jobs for more than 10 years, our manufacturers have added about 500,000 jobs over the past three."" "
 State support for local schools per pupil has decreased by at least 25 percent over the past decade. 
" Says, ""Since 1994 when VAWA was first passed, incidents of domestic violence have dropped more than 50 percent."" "
"  ""Three in four low-income workers don’t have any paid sick days available."" "
 There are twice as many gun shops as McDonald’s in the United States. 
" Texas high school ""graduation rates are at an all-time high—the third-highest in the nation—which represents a significant turnaround from just a few short years ago."" "
"U.S. Sen. Ron Johnson, R-Wisconsin, was elected in a ""very low turnout"" race.   "
" ""right now, we have more military spending than the next 10, 11, 12 countries combined."" "
 More than 40 percent of sales nationally are made without background checks. 
" Austin trains are ""full"" at rush hour and ""packed"" for special events. "
" ""With the exception of slavery and the Chinese Exclusion Act, our laws have never barred persons from becoming citizens."" "
" Texas is ""last in mental health expenditures."" "
Texas ranks first in executions among the states. 
 Texas ranks last in the percentage of residents with high school diplomas. 
" ""When total Sandy spending is added up, it's more than the annual budget for the U.S. Department of Homeland Security. And it's more than twice the annual budget of the U.S. Energy Department."" "
" each year approximately 30,000 people in the United States die as a result of gunfire, and about 80,000 people are wounded.   "
"Tide gauges measuring sea level in Rhode Island since 1930 have risen ""maybe about 10 inches since that time."" "
" the pension and health benefits reform ""eliminated collective bargaining for health benefits."" "
 Gov. John Kasich can remove the president of the State Board of Education. 
" ""Washington, D.C., now has greater population than Wyoming and Vermont, more active duty military than 29 states, more tax revenue than 29 states (and) a larger domestic product than 27 states."" "
" his budget provides ""the highest state funding level in history"" for education. "
"""in Katrina, they approved $60 billion within 10 days of the storm on a voice vote."" "
" out-of-state abortion clinics ""have marketed their services to minors"" in states with parental consent laws. "
" ""MAX carries 30 percent of evening rush-hour commuters traveling from Downtown on the Sunset and Banfield freeways."" "
"""A majority of Americans agree with"" a ban on assault weapons. ""And by the way, so did Ronald Reagan.""   "
" 40 percent of U.S. gun sales ""are occurring outside of"" licensed gun dealers.   "
 the claim that 40 percent of guns are sold without background checks traces to information gathered before background checks were even required. 
" ""Ohio is doing better right now than the national average on all the (economic) numbers."" "
" In 2009, the FBI ""referred more than 71,000"" cases of people failing background checks when trying to buy a gun to another federal agency, ""but U.S. attorneys ultimately prosecuted only 77 of them."" "
" ""on the state level, we spend less today than Jon Corzine spent in fiscal year 2008, five years later."" "
"""Eighty percent of those who have applied for licenses have no cancer, no Parkinson's disease or glaucoma. They have nothing you would associate [with] the use of medical marijuana."" "
"ending the direct payment farm subsidy program ""could save up to $28.4 billion over ten years that could be used to reduce the deficit."" "
" ""As a result of National Rifle Association and other private-sector (safety-education) programs, fatal firearms accidents are at the lowest level in 100 years."" "
" ""States have cumulatively cut over $1.8 billion from their mental health services between 2009 and 2011. This is the largest reduction in state mental health services in half a century."" "
 Odds of winning the Monopoly Millionaire instant win game are 1 in 3.27. 
" since Australia passed tough gun laws, ""homicides by firearm have declined almost 60 percent."" "
" ""the area damaged by Hurricane Sandy represents roughly 10 percent of our nation's economy."" "
" ""Approximately 43 percent of all college grades today are A's, an increase of 28 percentage points since 1960."" "
" the New Year’s Day ""fiscal cliff"" deal ""reduces the deficit."" "
" according to the FBI, more people are killed each year with hammers and clubs than rifles. "
" ""Today, about 40 percent of guns are purchased without a background check."" "
" ""State revenue projections have missed the mark month after month.""  "
" Oak Grove is ""one of the largest cities in Oregon"" and is ""the biggest city in Clackamas County and it's not a city."" "
" Driving with a dog in your lap is dangerous, in part, because it could fly forward in a crash. ""An 80-pound dog at only 30 mph packs a 2,400-pound punch."" "
"""One out of every five law enforcement officers that's killed is killed with an assault weapon."" "
 state workers have not had across-the-board raises in six years. 
" ""Since last year’s address, more than 10,000 jobs created -- many on the high end of the employment scale."" "
" Since taking office in January 2011, ""the ‘rainy day’ fund has increased by 226 percent."" "
" ""Spending of government money is 17 percent less than it was a decade ago."" "
" Seven of America’s 10 wealthiest counties are in the Washington, D.C., area. "
" ""Washington, D.C., had some of the strictest gun laws in the country. And when they passed them, violence skyrocketed."" "
" The federal government owns 30 percent of the land in the 50 states, or about 650 million acres. "
" Chris Christie ""vetoed"" a ""jobs package"" of ""30 bills."" "
" People committed involuntarily for 72 hours under the Baker Act will get their guns back ""automatically and immediately upon discharge....and their commitment is never entered into a background check database."" "
 We have the fourth highest in-state tuition for public universities in the country. 
" ""The last time Republicans held hostage a resolution to ensure that our country’s bills were paid cost us more than $1 billion in added interest and slowed the economic recovery."" "
" The tax penalty that the government imposes if you don't buy health insurance ""is lower than it would have cost to buy insurance."" "
" The Milwaukee County Board’s staff grew from four workers to 38 over four decades and now costs taxpayers ""a lot more,"" while the total county workforce was more than cut in half in the same period. "
" Ohio’s economic recovery ""started in February 2010."" "
" ""Even members of the NRA, when they were polled recently, were under the impression that everyone has a criminal background check."" "
" ""Wind powers nearly 13 million homes across the country."" "
" ""The governor does not have any power to veto a referendum [on same-sex marriage] that would be a constitutional amendment."" "
" ""It is ironic that (First Energy Corp. is) going to have a name on our (football stadium) where we (Cleveland Public Power) supply the electricity."" "
" Rick Scott’s proposal for election reform ""only mandates 48 hours of early voting."" "
" his elections proposal would allow ""a potential of 168 hours (of early voting), which I think is the most we’ve ever had."" "
" ""in this next biennium, the cost of primary and secondary education is going to increase by more that $1000 per student. Half of that $1000 – $500 per student – is accounted for by the increased cost of PERS alone."" "
" a recent study shows Florida students are second in the world in fourth grade reading, behind Singapore. "
" ""Nearly a quarter of all adults in this state have some college credit without a degree.""   "
" Austin’s treated wastewater, put into the Colorado River, is of higher quality than water the city takes from the lake for public use. "
" Virginia ""spends less per student today than we did in 2008.""   "
" Abraham Lincoln ""visited and some say even danced in (the Ohio Senate) chamber."" "
" ""Thanks to Washington, nearly everyone will pay more in taxes in 2013. Somehow people think it's just the wealthy. It's not."" "
" ""In total, we have added nearly 75,000 private sector jobs in New Jersey since we took office in January 2010."" "
" Kohl’s Department Stores in 2012 ""announced the creation of 3,000 new jobs."" "
" ""It costs $10,000 a year to keep a child in school; it costs $30,000 a year to keep someone in prison."" "
"Since 1968, ""more Americans have died from gunfire than died in … all the wars of this country's history."" "
" In 2011, more people were murdered with knives, ""hands or feet"" or ""clubs and hammers"" than with any type of rifle. "
" ""I am now the No. 2 member of this House in terms of length of service."" "
" In 2010, 2,694 young people were killed by gunfire. 1,773 were victims of homicide; 67 were elementary school-age children. "
" The state budget proposal has been submitted ""on time and [it's] the earliest that a governor has done so in over two decades."" "
"""Gross income tax receipts are exceeding the Administration’s projections for this fiscal year prior to Sandy."" "
" ""Unlike the gridlock in Washington, more than 80 percent of the bills we passed during this General Assembly had bipartisan support."" "
" The United States has ""an immigration system where only 6.5 percent of people who come here, come here based on labor and skill."" "
" ""I sponsored the amendment that expanded the hours of early voting so that people who have irregular work schedules could vote."" "
" in ""our region,"" 2011 was worst drought year ever recorded. "
" The fiscal cliff deal ""increased spending."" "
" ""Even if you took literally every single ounce of platinum in the world, it still wouldn’t add up to enough needed to pay down our nation’s debt."" "
" ""[W]e see America's prison population exploding, with America having a greater percentage of its people behind bars than any other nation in the world!"" "
" Since the federal Violence Against Women Act was adopted in 1994, ""cases of domestic violence have fallen by 67 percent."" "
" ""how much money the government is collecting from people...in terms of the gross domestic product"" is ""the lowest in 40, 50 years."" "
" if you are on your bike in a crosswalk, all you have to do is dip your wheel into the road and cars must legally stop. "
" Chuck Hagel ""opposed sanctions against Iran."" "
" The fiscal cliff deal ""ultimately raised taxes."" "
" his transportation plan ""would make Virginia the first state in the nation to eliminate the state tax on gasoline."" "
" ""A far different picture from the prior eight years, which saw 115 increases in taxes and fees."" "
" Texas is ""dead last in support for mental health."" "
" ""In the four years before I became governor, we increased state debt $5.2 billion. We've paid it down $2 billion."" "
" ""Every day, 34 Americans are murdered with guns."" "
" in fiscal year 2011, the state had ""a projected $11 billion deficit."" "
" Ohio's judges, ""compared to other similar states, are being woefully underpaid."" "
" 31 percent of Texas physicians accept all new Medicaid patients, down from 67 percent in 2000. "
" ""Eleven states complete their [legislative] sessions within three calendar months, and another five only meet biennially."" "
"There is ""over 20 times more energy"" in a proposed Southside uranium mining site than ""there is in all the oil that’s estimated to be off Virginia’s coast"" "
" ""Detroit dumping a bunch of sewage"" in Lake Erie ""causes big problems"" for Ohio. "
" ""Our pension system is the only one in the country that’s 100 percent funded."" "
" ""last year the graduation rate for our combined six-district footprint jumped 5.5 percent."" "
" ""Report that #GOP insisting on changes to Social Security as part of #fiscalcliff false. BTW those changes are supported by @barackobama."" "
" that according to ""many reports and even our own data,"" the state of Texas spent more through Medicaid on orthodontia than all other states combined. "
" Taxpayers are ""on the hook ... for less than a third"" of the proposed new Atlanta Falcons stadium, and those funds are ""repaid from money that comes from outsiders."" "
" The so-called doc fix in the fiscal cliff deal will cut payments ""for treating illnesses disproportionately impacting minorities, including end stage renal disease and diabetes."" "
"""10 days after Hurricane Katrina, this chamber passed two separate bills amounting to $60 billion. It has been nearly two months since we had Superstorm Sandy, and nothing has passed."" "
"AIG has fully repaid the federal government ""plus a profit of more than $22 billion."" "
" Among Milwaukee Public Schools students, ""86 percent are behind in reading and 80 percent are behind in math.""   "
" ""Individuals with mental illnesses die an average of 25 years earlier than those without a mental illness."" "
" ""Connecticut has the fifth toughest gun control laws in the country, including an assault weapons ban that bans 35 different weapons."" "
" ""Over $1 trillion"" was spent on anti-poverty programs in 2011, enough to ""give every single poor American a check for $22,000."" "
" ""Did U know? Block Island Wind Farm would mean 40% est. drop in BI electric rates."" "
"""Even hunters are restricted from using large capacity magazines: there is a five cartridge limit for large game hunting, and three for bird hunting."" "
" ""You see 34 people (are) murdered every single day"" by gunfire in America. "
" ""Faculty salaries at UW System institutions have now fallen more than 18 percent below the national average."" "
 Virginia is the biggest state that does not have a major league sports team.      
"  ""The average kid comes out of Virginia colleges with about $25,000-plus in debt."" "
" ""One out of every four students fails to earn a high school diploma. In our major cities across America, half of our kids don’t graduate."" "
" ""Last year, handguns killed 48 people in Japan, 8 in Great Britain, 34 in Switzerland, 52 in Canada, 58 in Israel, 21 in Sweden, 42 in West Germany and 10,728 in the United States."" "
" the Nike bill ""is not a tax break ... this does not lower the taxes that Nike will pay nor does it prevent the Legislature from raising those taxes in the future."" "
" Northern Virginia is the most ""heavily trafficked place in the country."" "
" ""Sixty percent of New Jersey doctors do not accept Medicaid patients."" "
" ""I have the experience as Senate Budget Chair of cutting $4.5 billion in spending -- to close the deficit while protecting education and health care."" "
 the Senate will have a record number of female senators in 2013.   
" the Portland Children’s Levy holds its ""administrative expenses to less than 5 percent."" "
 Texas has the 15th largest economy in the world. 
"""This week the House of Representatives voted to remove the word ‘lunatic’ from federal law."" "
" budget savings by reducing pay and benefits for federal employees total $103 billion over 10 years -- more than $50,000 per worker. "
 Massachusetts has three state-mandated student tests and Finland just one. 
" ""In the last 15 years, we've witnessed a dramatic expansion in the jailing of immigrants, from about 70,000 people detained annually to about 400,000."" "
" ""Right now one of our highest job growth sectors is Leisure and Hospitality. We've added jobs that mostly fall within the restaurant and bar sector industry. These are not high-paying jobs, as the U.S. Department of Labor estimates this is an industry sector with the lowest average wages and the lowest proportion of its workforce earning minimum or subminimum wage jobs."" "
" Under Charlie Crist, Florida lost 825,000 jobs and the unemployment rate increased from 3.5 percent to 11.1 percent. "
" personal-injury trial lawyers ""have provided over 80 percent of the funding for the Texas Democratic Party for over a decade."" "
" ""Fourteen million Americans' mortgages are greater than the value of their homes."" "
 Texas passed a state ‘Dream Act’ before any other state. 
" state schools superintendent candidate Don Pridemore ""voted for the largest cuts to public education in our state history"" and for ""$2.3 billion in tax breaks for corporations and the wealthy."" "
 The increase in the current state budget was greater than the inflation rate and the rate of population growth in Georgia. 
" Agriculture ""is the strongest industry in Ohio."" "
" that ""the state spends more money on tax giveaways than it receives in tax collection."" "
"""The Agriculture Department estimates that roughly 42 percent of the corn crop will be used to make ethanol -- more than the amount of corn used to feed livestock and poultry in the United States.""  "
" Milwaukee County government employees pay ""much more"" for their health care than City of Milwaukee or State of Wisconsin employees. "
" ""In 2008, tourism brought in $38 billion dollars and supported more than 300,000 jobs in the state of New Jersey."" "
" ""The five economic indicators that the federal government tracks - for the first time since August 2006 - were positive this October."" "
" November 2012 was ""a record year of turnout. More people voted before Election Day using absentee ballots and voting early than ever before in our history."" "
" ""The city of Atlanta has one of the highest lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender populations per capita, ranking third among major American cities."" "
" ""A man using bath salts reported that raccoons had set fire inside his home and stolen his cell phone."" "
" Walmart employees represent the largest group of Medicaid and food stamp recipients in many states, costing the taxpayer $1,000 per worker. "
" a new state report ""confirms"" that red-light cameras ""lead to more accidents, more injuries and greater cost."" "
" food stamp growth, while high, lagged the rise in unemployment.  "
" that in 2011, Oregon had ""the second fastest growing economy in the nation."" "
" ""The poverty level in"" the Dallas school district ""is one of the highest in the country, higher than New York, Chicago, Los Angeles, Houston, Detroit and Newark."" "
" Democratic Party candidates for the state Assembly ""actually received 200,000 more votes statewide"" than their Republican counterparts in the 2012 election   "
 he has never voted for raising taxes. 
" The Broward Republican Executive Committee ""had the liberal League of Women Voters Guide removed from the Broward Supervisor of Election's website."" "
" ""the number of Americans living at or below the poverty line is at its highest level since"" 1964. "
" A ""foreclosure tax"" that would take effect in 2013 could mean a high tax bill for those facing foreclosure and millions of families who modified their mortgage or had a short sale through their lender. "
" ""Our race was the closest U.S. Senate race in Ohio in 36 years -- when Howard Metzenbaum defeated Robert Taft in 1976."" "
"""We have more people working in clean and green energy than in oil and gas in this country.""   "
" that in the 1985 election former Gov. Tom Kean had ""the largest winning margin for a gubernatorial candidate in Jersey history."" "
" ""In the past year alone, Ohio businesses have created more jobs than almost every other state in the country."" "
 veterans’ disability claims backlog doubled in Obama’s first term. 
" ""When you look at the number of crashes before the cameras were installed compared to after, they’re virtually the same."" "
" President Barack Obama ""did not come into office with the economy in a free fall."" "
" ""For the first time in history, the share of the national popular vote margin is smaller than the Latino vote margin."" "
" the tax code is effectively subsidizing ""the marketing efforts of fast food and junk food companies by as much as $19 billion over 10 years."" "
" Delta Air Lines has ""once again broken a promise they made to me and to the people of Memphis."" "
" ""Our welfare system now consumes 42 percent of our budget."" "
" ""We’ve outdrawn the Super Bowl for a little while now in the arenas and stadiums that we’ve followed them in for the Super Bowl. We’ve gone in after [the NFL] and surpassed their ticket sales."" "
" she is ""entering in the most diverse class ever,"" of U.S. Representatives "
 Fran DeWine’s made-from-scratch dinner rolls are a delicious favorite in a traditional Thanksgiving dinner. 
 about 25 Texas cities and 39 states have banned texting while driving. 
" ""Mitt Romney received exactly zero votes in at least 12 Cuyahoga County precincts."" "
" ""In 2011, our state-run lottery funded New Jersey classrooms by over $930 million."" "
" ""Secular Americans are the fastest-growing religious identification demographic in this country.""   "
" New Jersey is ""50th in return of our federal tax dollars."" "
" that under the new healthcare law, full- and part-time workers will be required to buy insurance costing $375 to $1,000 a month, starting in 2014. "
 Three thousand felons voted in Rhode Island in 2008. 
 New Hampshire had the fourth-lowest unemployment rate in the country during Maggie Hassan’s time in the state Senate. 
" the Multnomah County Library system ""is the second busiest in the nation."" "
" 40 years ago, the U.S. placed Texas under Voting Rights Act for failing to print ballots in Spanish. "
" Barack Obama is ""only the second Democrat in the last 75 years to win Ohio twice with more than 50 percent of the vote."" "
" ""There is no reason to allocate 60 percent of bridge space to satisfy two percent of all travelers."" "
" ""Every American now is $51,000 in debt. That’s money I owe, that’s money my children owe before they even go to kindergarten, that’s their check to the federal government right now."" "
" Budget analysts say the looming tax hikes and spending cuts would  ""take us into a recession and kill jobs."" "
" the state of Texas rates as ""unacceptable"" almost 500 of the state's 8,000 public schools. "
" When it comes to income taxes, Wisconsin is ""one of the best places in the country to be poor"" but ""top 4 or 5 worst"" for middle-income earners. "
" a poll shows that ""without a name attached, Democrats are just one point behind"" Gov. John Kasich. "
 Half the lottery directors across the country had not run a lottery before they were hired. 
" under President Barack Obama, the United States has created ""five million jobs."" "
" ""Revenues are 15 percent of GDP — it’s still in the range of the lowest it’s ever been."" "
" ""Wisconsin still ranks first among the 50 states in manufacturing jobs per capita.""   "
" Tennessee’s higher education funding model ""is 100 percent outcomes-based"" and ""we are already seeing this model changing the way our postsecondary institutions do business."" "
" ""Texas’ population is projected to double in the next 50 years or so, but our basic amount of water will remain about where it is now."" "
" ""The higher the education level, the more likely they are to vote Democratic."" "
" that ""Tennessee law requires that schools receive half of proceeds -- $31 million per year"" -- from a half-cent increase in the Shelby County sales tax. "
 Gubernatorial candidate Maggie Hassan supported 33 tax and fee increases as Senate Majority Leader. 
" U.S. Senate candidate Tommy Thompson ""says he’ll do away with Medicare.""   "
" U.S. Senate candidate Tammy Baldwin ""proposed a $3.9 trillion tax increase -- a tax increase so extreme"" that ""even Nancy Pelosi voted against it."" "
" Mitt Romney ""was director of a company that stole millions from Medicare."" "
" Connie Mack ""wrote a letter to the Department of Transportation in order to get $29 million in stimulus for his congressional district."" "
" ""Obama's Environmental Protection Agency sent emails for Hispanic Heritage Month with a photo of Che Guevara."" "
" Jim Renacci has ""consistently voted"" for loopholes that ""encourage outsourcing of our jobs."" "
" ""Tommy Thompson made millions from corporations who outsource American jobs and now he's trying to lavish huge tax breaks on them.""   "
" Connie Mack was ""the only member of the Florida delegation that voted against a bill to help NASA."" "
" Mark Hass ""raised your taxes by $1 billion in a single day."" "
" U.S. corporate tax rate is ""highest in the world at 35 percent."" "
" Matt Wand has sided with anti-choice activists ""to restrict access to reproductive health care services."" "
" ""Mitt Romney’s plan rolls back regulations"" on banks. "
" ""There is no war on coal. Period. There are more coal jobs and more coal produced in Ohio than there were five years ago, in spite of the talking points and the yard signs."" "
" he ""opposed $716 billion cut to Medicare."" "
" Bill Young ""voted twice for the Ryan budget that ends the current Medicare system."" "
" ""There are millions of women all across the country who rely on Planned Parenthood for not just contraceptive care; they rely on it for mammograms."" "
" Mitt Romney’s plan makes ""catastrophic cuts to education."" "
" ""We borrow $4 billion every single day, much of it from China."" "
" ""The truth is David Cicilline voted for tougher laws against child abusers, domestic abusers and abusers of the elderly."" "
" Bill Clinton presided over ""the biggest expansion of the American economy since World War II."" "
" Connie Mack initially said he would have voted ""yes"" for the Paul Ryan budget plan, and then, ""you said it was stupid and you would vote no. And then your folks corrected you, and you changed your position again, yes."" "
" ""Women in Barack Obama's White House are earning less than men."" "
" New Jersey lost private-sector jobs between 2000 and 2009 because Democrats increased taxes, fees, regulations and state spending. "
" ""We’re talking right now about a $12 billion hole in our current, so-called balanced"" state ""budget."" "
 Rhode Island has taken its federal Medicaid funding and shown it can run the program more cost-effectively than the federal government. 
" Multnomah County libraries ""are open 44 hours per week … the lowest of any library in the four-county region."" "
" ""the typical homeowner will pay $4 more per month"" if library district passes. "
" the Central Health district's tax rate is the ""lowest among the largest counties in Texas, and it will continue to be the lowest"" if voters approve a proposed tax increase.   "
" ""6,400 Ohioans ... lost manufacturing jobs in the month of September."" "
" ""One industry in America has increased its employment base in the last four years by 176,000 people: the United States government."" "
 55 percent of council members have come from area where only 10 percent of Austinites live. 
" Lois Frankel ""spent over $13,000 in taxpayer money on a marble shower in a private bathroom with her own toilet."" "
" While she was mayor, Lois Frankel took a ""police helicopter ride to go to a dinner party."" "
" ""There’s 21 congressmen and senators that have been convicted of felonies that still get their retirement, even in jail. They don’t have to wait until they’re 65."" "
" ""Connecticut's take on slot machines is 25 cents on the dollar. And the state's take on table games:  zero."" "
 Mitt Romney wants to add $2 trillion to defense budget that the military hasn’t asked for. 
" Connie Mack’s Penny Plan would cut ""over $200 billion out of Medicare, over $1 trillion out of Social Security. ... $3 trillion out of defense."" "
" ""As governor, I cut $5 billion in spending."" "
" Romney said ""we should ask Pakistan for permission"" to take a shot at Osama bin Laden. "
" ""Pakistan has 100 nuclear warheads and they’re rushing to build a lot more. They’ll have more than Great Britain sometime in the relatively near future."" "
" Mitt Romney ""just gave a speech a few weeks ago"" and said ""we should still have troops in Iraq."" "
" ""Latin America’s economy is almost as big as the economy of China."" "
" ""Veterans’ unemployment is actually now lower than (the) general population. It was higher when I came into office."" "
" ""I went to the Olympics that was out of balance, and we got it on balance."" "
" ""The president said he was going to create daylight between ourselves and Israel."" "
" ""A few months ago when you were asked what's the biggest geopolitical threat facing America, you said Russia."" "
" a university survey concluded his Massachusetts administration ""had more women in senior leadership positions than any other state in America."" "
" ""Now remember, property taxes went up 70 percent in the 10 years before I became governor."" "
Virginia’s educational level among whites is higher than Georgia’s. 
" ""The poverty rate amongst women is the worst it’s been in 17 years and the extreme poverty rate is the worst it’s ever been."" "
" ""Jim Renacci tried to avoid paying taxes on nearly $14 million that he made."" "
" Barack Obama ""said when he was running for office four years ago that he would halve the annual deficit by the end of his first term. That simply has not happened."" "
"""While I was mayor of the city of Providence we had the lowest crime rate in 30 years."" "
" an arts tax would provide ""funding for certified arts and music teachers for every elementary school serving Portland residents."" "
" Connie Mack voted to redefine ""rape"" as ""forcible rape."" "
" Mitt Romney and George Allen ""would overturn Roe v. Wade and allow states to end safe, legal abortion even in cases of rape, incest or when a woman's life is at risk."" "
" ""I’ve got a 94 percent"" career voting record in Congress while Bill Nelson has ""a 92 percent voting record."" "
" ""George Bush never suggested that we eliminate funding for Planned Parenthood."" "
 fewer than 30 percent of Texas college students graduate in four years and only 58 percent graduate within six years. 
 the University of Texas can afford to build a medical school because it has a $7 billion endowment and its football program had a $50 million profit last year. 
" ""President Barack Obama (is) the first president in history to cut Medicare by $700 billion."" "
" Laurie Monnes Anderson ""voted to let violent criminals out of jail early."" "
" Connie Mack ""is protecting Chevron oil from a multi-billion dollar lawsuit over pollution of rivers and rainforests."" "
" Massachusetts Sen. Scott Brown shows someone can be bipartisan in Congress because he ""votes about 66 percent with his own party.""  "
" Bill Nelson voted ""98 percent of the time"" with Barack Obama. "
" In 2012, Connie Mack missed 178 votes, ""one of the worst voting records"" in Congress. "
" Barack Obama has pension investments that include Chinese firms, and ""investments through a Caymans trust."" "
" his administration put more border patrol agents on the U.S.-Mexico border than at ""any time in history, and the flow of undocumented workers across the border is actually lower than it's been in 40 years."" "
" his administration has created ""5 million jobs … over the last 30 months in the private sector alone."" "
"Mitt Romney suggested that ""employers should be able to make the decision as to whether or not a woman gets contraception through her insurance coverage."" "
" Sherrod Brown ""failed to pay his own taxes three separate times."" "
" President Obama waited two weeks to call the attack in Libya ""terror."" "
 Mitt Romney refused to say whether he'd sign the Lilly Ledbetter bill. 
" When Mitt Romney was governor of Massachusetts, he ""stood in front of a coal plant and pointed at it and said, ‘This plant kills.’"" "
" ""Oil production is down 14 percent this year on federal land."" "
 Obama broke his promise to offer a comprehensive immigration bill in his first year. 
" An Army report stated Allen West ""performed illegal acts, merited court martial, faced 11 years in prison.'"" "
" Paul Ryan ""cut embassy security in his budget by $300 million below what we asked for."" "
" The  Georgia Department of Economic Development assisted with the creation of 28,776 jobs, an increase of 29 percent from last fiscal year, and $5.97 billion in investments, a 32 percent increase.   "
" ""Under the Obama administration, we are drilling and producing more domestic energy supplies than we ever had before."" "
" ""as Co-Chair of the Joint Ways & Means Committee, I secured the key piece of funding for"" the Portland-Milwaukie Light Rail project bridge."" "
 opponent Tammy Baldwin ‘has had not one positive ad’ in the campaign for U.S. Senate. 
" ""David Cicilline was the state representative who opposed tough mandatory sentences for those convicted of domestic violence  and child abuse."" "
" ""Tennessee students now cover about 67 percent of the cost of their education at public universities, and some 60 percent at community colleges."" "
" Under Maggie Hassan's leadership, ""we increased state spending in the middle of the great recession by 24 percent leading up to and following it."" "
" ""There's not one Democrat who endorses"" the Romney-Ryan Medicare plan. "
" ""The Canadians — they (dropped) their tax rates to 15 percent. The average tax rate on businesses in the industrialized world is 25 percent."" "
" she’s never said ""don’t build"" Texas 45 Southwest. "
"The Obama administration ""called Bashar Assad a reformer when he was turning his Russian-provided guns on his own people."" "
 that Josh Mandel voted to let insurance companies deny coverage for autism 
" On ending the war in Iraq, ""Gov. Romney said that was a tragic mistake, we should have left 30,000 troops there."" "
" Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan would ""eliminate the guarantee of Medicare."" "
" his deficit plan ""made some adjustments to (Simpson-Bowles), and we're putting it forward before Congress right now, a $4 trillion plan."" "
" Travis County Sheriff Greg Hamilton has accepted $42,000 from strip-club interests and $10,000 from local alcohol distributors. "
" Chris Christie created ""this new category where you could get laid off and just be totally denied unemployment benefits forever."" "
" ""Since President Obama took office, there are over 450,000 more unemployed women."" "
" Bill Nelson ""leased land that he owned for six cows, taking advantage of an agricultural tax loophole to dodge $43,000 in taxes just last year."" "
 High school students arrested on campus are twice as likely not to graduate and four times less likely to graduate if they’ve appeared in court. 
" President Barack Obama’s ""spending drove us $5 trillion deeper in debt."" "
" she ""oversaw an audit that won the city $2 million in franchise fees."" "
" The federal tax code has ""loopholes that are giving incentives for companies that are shipping jobs overseas."" "
" ""In Romney's first budget (in Massachusetts), he cut $248.7 million from K-12 education."" "
 Texas lawmakers last year expanded public education’s share of state spending. 
" ""When (Joe Kyrillos) had an opportunity to vote for women in terms of their health care, not once, not twice, but six times, he voted against women’s health care in our state."" "
" opponent U.S. Rep. Gwen Moore ‘is Wisconsin’s most absent member of Congress, missing nearly 17 percent of the House votes in the second quarter of 2012.’ "
" Tennessee is providing ""millions of dollars"" to virtual school company for ""results at the bottom of the bottom."" "
 under U.S. Sen. Robert Menendez’s watch the nation’s unemployment rate and debt doubled and the federal budget deficit quadrupled. 
" ""you cannot implement Paul Ryan’s plan without allowing for any increases in revenue."" "
" ""tax revenues are the lowest they have been since World War II."" "
" black women are ""fastest-growing demographic group in ... Texas seeking concealed handgun licenses."" "
" Massachusetts schools ""are ranked No. 1 of all 50 states."" "
" ""Portland has higher standards than feds on allowed police use of force."" "
 Romney wants to add $2 trillion to the defense budget that the military hasn’t asked for. 
" Paul Ryan’s budget would turn Medicare into a ""voucher."" "
" ""We're up 123,000 jobs over the last year and three-quarters. We're actually, according to the Bureau of Labor statistics, down 500 ... auto jobs in Ohio."" "
" the United States has the ""highest corporate tax rate in the world."" "
" Romney’s Medicare plan was estimated to ""cost the average senior about $6,000 a year."" "
 Obama promised to cut the deficit in half. 
" Obama says he’s ""put forward a specific $4 trillion deficit reduction plan."" "
" Austin voters can approve seven bond propositions ""without raising taxes."" "
" ""While Mandel's been busy traveling the country raising campaign money, he hasn't shown up for work."" "
" Mitt Romney's plan ""calls for a $5 trillion tax cut."" "
" ""We’re now spending 42 percent of our economy on government."" "
" Romney ""would turn Medicare into a voucher program."" "
" ""On Medicare for current retirees, he's cutting $716 billion from the program."" "
 Ben Unger supported a 15 percent property tax increase on Oregon seniors. 
" ""The income tax that started at 2 percent under Governor Byrne is now 9 percent."" "
"Rhode Island’s voter identification law was pushed by ""a black Democrat in the House, a black Democrat in the Senate. That's a fact."" "
" Almost 400 arrests in the city last year for panhandling-related offenses involved just 78 suspects, an indication that the same people are panhandling over and over.  "
" Chinese tire imports threatened 1,000 American jobs, so President Obama ""stood up to China and protected American workers. Mitt Romney attacked Obama's decision."" "
"Ronald Reagan ""was behind in the polls in 1980 going into the debate with Jimmy Carter and then turned around 10 days later and won 40 states."" "
" ""Since the time of the Civil War, we've made a distinction in this country between the availability and the ability to access for people who were in the military, versus the rest of us, to vote.""  "
" George Allen ""voted to end Pell Grants for 84,000 students."" "
 it will cost $220 per square foot in hard construction costs to rebuild Portland Public high schools. 
"Rep. Charlie Bass, R-NH voted to ""raise his own pay"" eight times "
" ""Taxes are lower on families than they've been probably in the last 50 years."" "
" Lois Frankel ""took a 40 percent pay raise"" as mayor while West Palm Beach ""lost jobs."" "
" ""Had the online change of address been in place in 2008 an estimated 130,000 voters who cast provisional ballots could have changed their address online and voted a regular ballot.""  "
" Deficit spending ‘exploded during the Obama administration’ to $5.3 trillion over four years, compared to $2 trillion in eight years under President George W. Bush.   "
" ""We haven’t passed a budget in more than three years and not a single appropriations bill has been brought to the floor this year.""  "
" ""There’s at least 7,500 addicted gamblers in Rhode Island, at least, … it could be as high as 22,000."" "
 Measures 82 and 83 authorize just one more casino.   
" Ted Cruz ""has pledged to eliminate"" the U.S. Department of Education, which would end federal aid to college students. "
" Bill Nelson voted to confirm Sonia Sotomayor, ""who signed a Supreme Court opinion saying Americans do not have an individual right to own firearms."" "
" Republican U.S. Senate candidate Tommy Thompson ""supports massive tax cuts for corporations that outsource Wisconsin jobs."" "
"Texas is ""the state that has now gone the longest without electing a Democrat statewide."" "
 A poll conducted in Egypt revealed that 80 percent of Egyptians oppose receiving foreign aid from the United States. 
" ""President Obama decided not to meet with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in New York."" "
" scientists predict ""sometime in the future, an event that will kill … somewhere between 80 and 90 million people."" "
" Obama adviser David Plouffe took ""large piles of cash"" from a joint venture partner of a company owned by Iran’s Revolutionary Guard. "
" ""The truth is, Planned Parenthood does not provide mammograms. Planned Parenthood refers women to mammography providers, serving as the middlewoman, if you will."" "
" Barack Obama ""refuses to acknowledge Jerusalem as the capital of Israel."" "
" ""Obamacare will provide coverage for abortions, despite the president’s commitment that it would not."" "
"that in the U.S. House of Representatives ""we’ve had bipartisan support for the repeal of Obamacare … for getting rid of cap and trade … for building the Keystone Pipeline."" "
" ""Their New York casino deal was called ‘rigged’ and ‘corrupt.’""  "
" President Obama campaign surrogate Maryland Gov. Martin O’Malley ""acknowledged that we are not better off than we were four years ago."" "
 President Barack Obama is responsible for pending defense cuts. 
" when Republicans took over the state legislature in 2010, New Hampshire’s tax rate for employers was 50th in the nation, and unemployment had more than doubled under Democrats. "
" The national debt of $16 trillion, is ""enough to buy both the Cleveland Indians and Cincinnati Reds 1,918 times."" "
" Barack Obama's comments indicate he ""believes in redistribution"" of wealth. "
" ""Even today part of Romney’s fortune is invested in China."" "
" ""Tim Kaine doubled down in his support of devastating defense cuts, saying the ‘the deal was the right thing to do.’"" "
" ""I am going to be on the ballot in all 50 states. There is no other third-party candidate that’s going to come close to achieving that.""   "
" ""Since President Obama took office, over 88,000 Ohio workers have lost their jobs."" "
"  ""Seven times Obama could have stopped China's cheating. Seven times, he refused."" "
" Romney and Ryan ""both backed proposals that would outlaw abortions even in cases of rape or incest."" "
" ""Since 2000, only 10 cases of in-person voter fraud have been proven nationally."" "
" Based on the August 2012 national jobs numbers, ""for every person who got a job, nearly four people stopped looking for a job."" "
" ""Forty-seven percent of Americans pay no income tax."" "
" ""The Providence Economic Development Partnership . . .which you [Cicilline] chaired, loaned $103,000 in taxpayer funds to one of your campaign workers. The worker never paid back the loan."" "
" ""Fifty percent of kids coming out of school can't get a job."" "
" U.S. Rep. John Barrow ""left taxpayers on the hook for $950k study on genetic makeup of ants."" "
" when Mitt Romney was governor, Massachusetts was 47th in job creation "
" he ""will protect your guaranteed benefits"" in Medicare while ""Mitt Romney would take away Medicare as guaranteed benefits."" "
" ""if current trends continue, by 2040, one out of three Texas workers will not have a high school diploma.""   "
" that under Mitt Romney, 89 million Americans could be denied coverage if they have a pre-existing condition. "
" After hearing ""the frustrations parents and teachers have with the FCAT,"" next year ""we begin improving our testing system."" "
" Tennessee's appeals court judges ""were selected by a handful of party officials in Nashville"" before the system of ""merit selection"" was put into effect. "
" ""With the auto rescue,"" President Barack Obama ""saved more than 1 million middle-class jobs all across America,"" including more than 28,000 in Wisconsin. "
" The U.S. unemployment rate has remained above 8 percent for 43 consecutive months, the longest stretch since the Great Depression. "
" ""In Cuyahoga County ... 56 percent of weekend voters in 2008 were African American while adult African Americans comprise 28 percent of the county population."" "
" ""We just don't want to get to be like Louisiana, where you have drive-up daiquiri shops."" "
" On U.S.-Israeli relations, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu ""set the record straight — he said, our two countries have 'exactly the same policy' (and) 'our security cooperation is unprecedented.'"" "
" $50,000. That's what every child owes today because Washington politicians have run up a huge spending tab and left our kids the bill."" "
" Sierra Club sued him to stop oil and gas activity on Texas coast, but ""we won"" and ""the turtles are fine."" "
" ""The Senate has not passed a budget in more than three years, not a good budget, not a bad budget, no budget."" "
" ""$16 trillion (the national debt) in $1 bills would cover the entire state of Ohio nearly 1.5 times."" "
" he and Mitt Romney ""always said that we agree with the 2014 deadline"" for leaving Afghanistan. "
 Obama doubled funding for the Pell Grant. 
 Georgia will send more state money per child to state charter schools and that budget cuts are not applied to those charter schools. 
" ""After 30 years of inaction, we raised fuel standards so that by the middle of the next decade, cars and trucks will go twice as far on a gallon of gas."" "
" ""We’re seeing now 30 straight months of private-sector job growth, 4.6 million jobs created."" "
" The Obama administration is allowing state waivers from welfare work requirements ""only if they had a credible plan to increase employment by 20 percent."" "
" Republicans ""have declared that they’re going to convert the Medicare program into a voucher program."" "
" Wayne Powell has a ""stated position of having no objection to taking `In God We Trust"" off of U.S. currency."" "
" ""$500 billion of the extension of the Bush tax cuts for the wealthy goes to 120,000 families.""   "
" the Republican Party platform says ""pull back even more of the rules on campaign finance reform, get rid of McCain-Feingold"" while the Democratic Party platform says ""we want to find a way to put more fair rules on campaign finance reform."" "
" Mitt Romney ""said it was 'tragic' to end the war in Iraq."" "
" President Barack Obama ""gives students the right to repay (federal) loans as a clear, fixed, low percentage of their income for up to 20 years."" "
" ""We've got 7.2 percent unemployment (in Ohio), but when you include the folks who have stopped looking for work, it's actually over 10 percent."" "
 Romney called Russia our No. 1 enemy. 
" ""I've cut taxes for ... middle-class families, small businesses."" "
" his budget plan ""would cut our deficits by $4 trillion."" "
"Providence has ""amongst the highest tax rate(s) in the entire country."" "
" ""After a decade of decline, this country created over half a million manufacturing jobs in the last two and a half years."" "
" that Mitt Romney's response to the crisis in the auto industry was, ""Let Detroit go bankrupt."" "
"""Jeb Bush recently noted, Reagan himself would have been too moderate, too reasonable for today's GOP."" "
" Ohio has ""created 45,000 new manufacturing jobs since 2010. And that's due in large part to the fact that the auto rescue has helped Ohio."" "
" Under President Barack Obama’s leadership, ""since June 2009, (the auto) industry has added a quarter of a million jobs."" "
" U.S. Rep. Paul Ryan attacked the president for ""the same amount of Medicare savings that (Ryan) had in his own budget."" "
" Charlie Crist ""was pro-life, pro-gun and vehemently anti-tax."" "
" ""In the last 29 months, our economy has produced about 4.5 million private-sector jobs."" "
" that like Todd Akin, all Texas Republicans in U.S. House cosponsored a bill ""that attempts to distinguish between ‘forcible rape’ and other sexual assaults."" "
" ""We have more scientists and engineers per square mile than anywhere in the world."" "
" The stimulus program ""cut taxes for 95 percent of the American people."" "
"""Since 1961 … our private economy has produced 66 million private-sector jobs. So what's the jobs score? Republicans 24 million, Democrats 42 (million)."" "
" Mitt Romney said we should let foreclosures ""hit the bottom."" "
" Women ""receive only 77 cents for every dollar a man earns."" "
" ""Republicans would give seniors a (Medicare) voucher that limits what's covered, costing seniors as much as $6,400 more a year."" "
" Republicans Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan support ""massive cuts in Social Security for future generations."" "
 Bruce Springsteen played in 1975 at Seton Hall University in South Orange at Walsh gym. 
" ""Seven presidents before (Barack Obama) -- Republicans and Democrats -- tried to expand health care to all Americans."" "
" ""Under President Bush in eight years, we added $4.9 trillion to the debt. Under President Obama, we've added $5.3 trillion to the debt in the 3.5 years he's been in office."" "
" Mitt Romney told university students in Ohio that to start a business, they should ""borrow money if you have to from your parents.""   "
" Mitt Romney has put forward a plan ""that would cut taxes for millionaires while raising them for the middle class."" "
" Mitt Romney’s tax plans would ""give an additional $250,000 tax cut to millionaires and billionaires"" while raising taxes on the middle class.  "
" ""By the time (Mitt Romney) left office, Massachusetts was 47th in the nation in job creation."" "
 Milken Institute rated San Antonio as nation’s top-performing local economy. 
"""The first (state) budget that came out of our Republican leadership slashed funding to Planned Parenthood...It resulted in the reduction of hours, the elimination of days, elimination of access to women in my city and all over my state."" "
" In 2008, Charlie Crist ‘""applauded the pick of Sarah Palin and said she would do ‘a great job.’"" "
"The GOP platform that seeks further limits on abortion and is silent on an exception for rape ""has been there for more than 30 years."" "
" Federal law adopted ""under Tommy Thompson's watch"" prohibits the government from negotiating for ""better prices"" on prescription drugs for senior citizens "
" a federal judge ""sanctions Tennessee ‘birther’ lawyer … for bringing a frivolous lawsuit."" "
" opponents of the health care law  ""prevailed on our two main arguments"" to the U.S. Supreme Court. "
" At Bain Capital, ""we helped start an early childhood learning company called Bright Horizons that First Lady Michelle Obama rightly praised."" "
" Under the ""Obama economy ... utility bills are higher."" "
" The unemployment rate is declining faster in Tampa ""than almost anywhere else."" "
" ""Bruce Starr voted to throw 6,000 Oregonians off unemployment."" "
" under the Romney-Ryan budget ... ""the American Opportunity Tax Credit for college tuition would be eliminated."" "
" ""There is an increasing amount of evidence from public polling that the highest number of Americans ever identify themselves as pro-life."" "
" In his first TV interview as president, Obama said we ""should talk to Iran."" "
" ""The majority of Americans now doubt that our children will have a better future."" "
" ""In Massachusetts, Gov. Romney narrowed the gap between students of different races."" "
" ""President Obama and his National Labor Relations Board"" sued Boeing over its decision to open a plant in South Carolina. "
"the United States has ""the world’s greatest health care system."" "
" Sherrod Brown voted ""for the $1.17 trillion health care law that adds a new tax on Ohio manufacturers."" "
" ""When President Obama took office, we were losing 700,000 jobs a month. Now we've had job growth, I think, for 24 consecutive months."" "
" In Massachusetts under Mitt Romney, ""unemployment went down, household incomes went up,"" and the state ""saw its credit rating upgraded."" "
 women care most about jobs and the economy 
" ""Last month, 44 of the 50 states saw an increase in the unemployment rate."" "
" Wealthy taxpayers, not middle-income earners, get ""most of the deductions"" in the tax code. "
" ""A Gallup report recently said that nearly 50 percent of small business owners aren't hiring because of what they call ‘regulatory uncertainty.’"" "
Claims Ohio Gov. John Kasich says climate change is a problem.  
" ""President Obama is attacking Paul Ryan on Medicare even though it is his administration with the help of Jim Langevin who cut $716 billion from Medicare."" "
" ""taxes were raised 115 times in the eight years before I became governor"" and those increases were part of a ""path that led to wealth and jobs and people leaving our state."" "
" they said ""it was impossible to balance a budget at the same time, with an $11 billion deficit"" and ""we did it."" "
"There has been ""$5 trillion in debt added over the last four years."" "
 our national debt is greater than our gross domestic product. 
" Florida has ""more concealed weapons permits than any other state."" "
" Paul Ryan ""tried to change the whole game"" for Social Security "
" ""If you look at the number of illegal immigrants coming into the country, it is net zero. It's been that way now for almost two years."" "
 a portfolio managed by the Texas General Land Office earned 22 percent last year while the state’s emergency reserve account experienced a 1 percent gain.   
 Republicans supported legislation on early voting and in-person voting in 2005.  
" Mitt Romney ""gave away his father's inheritance."" "
" ""Half the kids coming out of college this year … can't find a job, or a job that's consistent with a college degree."" "
 the top 20 percent of income earners pay nearly 70 percent of all federal taxes. 
" Republicans included ""the Akin amendment in the Republican Party platform, which bans abortion, even for rape victims."" "
" U.S. Senate rival Tommy Thompson ""wants to give a new $265,000 tax cut to millionaires like himself while raising taxes on the middle class."" "
" ""We've got the highest corporate tax rate in the world."" "
" ""Independent voters have a ten-point margin in favor of Mitt Romney right now."" "
" ""In 2008, candidate Barack Obama attacked John McCain for proposing cuts to Medicare."" "
" U.S. Senate rival Tammy Baldwin wants a ""completely government-controlled"" health care system that goes ""far beyond 'Obamacare'"" and is ""a Medicare system for all."" "
" ""We have only one person on the (TVA) board, to my knowledge, who even has any corporate board experience."" "
" ""For Social Security, which is projected to remain solvent through 2033, Whitehouse has cosponsored [a bill that] . . . would extend the life of the program by an additional 75 years."" "
" ""His new running mate, Congressman Ryan, put forward a plan that would let Governor Romney pay less than 1 percent in taxes each year."" "
" The Romney-Ryan plan for Medicare ""does not affect"" benefits for anyone 55 or older. "
" The Obama administration ""willfully leaked the existence of STUXNET (a computer worm used against Iran), allowing our enemies to learn more of our secrets and of our operations."" "
" Initial efforts to strip airport contractors of their special diversity status ""has no effect"" on the contracts or the city’s diversity goals. "
" Paul Ryan’s Medicare plan ""could raise future retirees’ costs more than $6,000."" "
" ""cities save an estimated $38 in dental costs for every $1 invested in fluoridation."" "
" ""Mitt Romney says class sizes don’t matter."" "
 88 Texas constables have died in the line of duty. 
" ""I haven't raised taxes in the time I've been the governor of New Jersey."" "
" that as Massachusetts governor, Mitt Romney ""condemned coal-fired plants, saying they kill people."" "
" Congressmen Paul Ryan and Todd Akin co-sponsored legislation ""to limit federal funding for abortion to victims of ‘forcible rape.’"" "
" ""Clayton County Public Schools recently achieved a milestone that has eluded other metropolitan districts across the state"" by meeting federal guidelines for having a highly qualified staff. "
" ""A small business in my district"" needed ""31 different permits and fees just to be able to expand."" "
"Rep. Peter Petrarca ""voted on two pieces of legislation that helped auto body shops ... and at that point I think there is a conflict of interest."" "
" ""Under the president's plan, he cuts Medicare by $716 billion, takes that money out of the Medicare trust fund and uses it to pay for Obamacare."" "
" under Wisconsin law, he cannot remove his name from the ballot for re-election to Congress. "
" Jon Corzine ""gave away 14 percent raises over 4 years and he stood on the front steps of the Capitol at a public-sector union rally and said, 'I will fight to get you a great contract.’"" "
" ""From a standpoint of the county government, neither school system has received an increase in funding over the past six years."" "
" ""Thirty percent of [Sheldon Whitehouse' campaign] money is coming from special interests."" "
" ""Paul Ryan got his start in politics, as a young staffer just out of college, working for then-Congressman John Kasich’s Budget Committee."" "
" Paul Ryan would ""outlaw in vitro fertilization."" "
" ""While (Barack) Obama preaches ‘we are our brother’s keeper,’ his brother and aunt live in real poverty in Kenya.""   "
" Texas is 1st in business climate, 49th in education. "
" ""Austin is the largest city in the U.S. or Texas with no geographic representation"" on its city council. "
" ""Paul Ryan supports banning all abortions, even in cases of rape or incest.""   "
" ""NASCAR fans are twice as likely as non fans to serve in the military and 37 percent of active servicemembers and veterans are NASCAR fans."" "
" ""After one year, Tennessee’s students made their biggest single-year jump in achievement ever recorded in the state."" "
" Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan ""want to turn Medicare into a voucher system."" "
"Paul Ryan ""wants to cut Pell Grant scholarships for nearly 10 million students."" "
" ""about 100,000 kids in this country leave their home state and go to another state to be educated. Out of that 100,000 young people, 30,000 of them are from New Jersey, by far the largest amount."" "
 Paul Ryan's budget relies on the same $700 billion in savings from Medicare that Mitt Romney and other Republicans have been attacking Democrats about. 
"""a Republican hasn't won [an election] for a presidency in New Jersey since 1988."" "
" Mitt Romney ""wants to end tax credits for wind producers."" "
" Voter turnout for some groups in the 2008 presidential general election in Georgia ""was far greater than it should have been demographically."" "
 Ronda Storms voted to fund the 'Taj Mahal' courthouse. 
" Joe Garcia ""voted to raise our utility rates."" "
" ""We do know that Romney personally approved over $70 million in fictional losses to the IRS as part of the notorious 'Son of Boss' tax scandal, one of the largest tax avoidance schemes in history."" "
 Georgia spends fewer tourism advertising dollars than any other state in the South. 
" ""(The Tax Policy Center) found that Romney would raise taxes on the average middle class family by $2,000 to pay for $5 trillion in tax cuts for millionaires and billionaires."" "
" Rhode Island has ""the most burdensome level of health-insurance mandates in the nation."" "
"Texas GOP platform calls for end to teaching ""critical thinking"" in public schools. "
"Barack Obama ""has deported more people than any other president in this country's history."" "
" U.S. Senate rival Tommy Thompson is ""a big corporate lobbyist"" and has been ""lobbying during the middle of the campaign.""   "
" U.S. Senate rival Eric Hovde ""refused to pay his property taxes until he was taken to court."" "
" Art Robinson says ""Social Security should be ended through attrition."" "
" The property appraiser's budget ""is $1 million less today than when I took office 16 years ago."" "
" the Central Ohio Human Trafficking Task Force ""is the first task force of its kind in Central Ohio"" "
" Mitt Romney ""paid only 14 percent in taxes — probably less than you."" "
 Aaron Bean voted to give illegal immigrants in-state tuition. 
" ""This ban will only apply to Oregon commercial fishermen. Washington commercial fishermen would still be allowed to use gillnets on the Columbia River."" "
" ""Thousands of politicians from across Ohio – along with their relatives, employees and friends – are still eligible to serve"" on the proposed redistricting commission. "
" In June 2012 ""we actually had more people go on Social Security Disability [85,000] ... than the 80,000 jobs that were created."" "
" President Obama and Nancy Pelosi said ""Obamacare"" would save money because ""they factored in 10 years worth of tax revenue and only six and half years worth of expenses."" "
Mitt Romney opposes requiring employers to cover contraception and would eliminate funding for Planned Parenthood. 
"""Ninety percent of the topsoil has inadequate moisture to grow crops."" "
" ""We have reduced funding for education the least. They've suffered the least cuts."" "
" Obama ""refuses to recognize Jerusalem"" as the capital of Israel. "
" ""As president, Barack Obama has never visited Israel."" "
" Connie Mack IV has been ""a promoter for Hooters with a history of bar room brawling, altercations and road rage."" "
" Romney would add ""trillions"" to the deficit while Obama would ""cut the deficit by $4 trillion."" "
" Georgia ranks ""near the bottom in per capita transportation spending."" "
" ""When I left the Senate, we were on a trajectory towards a balanced budget."" "
" Gov. Jeb Bush vetoed the ""Quiñones Plan"" because it was ""taxation without representation on a large scale."" "
" U.S. Rep. Connie Mack IV passed ""only one bill"" in seven years. "
" ""In her nearly decade and (a) half in Congress, Tammy Baldwin has sponsored 105 bills. Only three have been enacted into law."" "
" ""Guns have murdered more Americans here at home in recent years than have died on the battlefields of Iraq and Afghanistan."" "
" As a congressman, Mark Neumann ""voted four times to increase our debt."" "
" ""An April study found that about 70 percent of ads in this election cycle have been negative [due to SuperPACs], up from only 9 percent through the same period in 2008."" "
" ""About 7 in 10 of Oregon’s inmates are in prison for violent crimes and serious sex offenses.""  "
" Measure 11 is ""one of the most significant reasons"" for decrease in violent crime. "
" the ""largest tax increase in American history is set to occur on January 1st unless President Obama and Congress can come to an agreement."" "
" Mitt Romney is proposing a tax plan ""that would give millionaires another tax break and raises taxes on middle class families by up to $2,000 a year."" "
" Tim Kaine, as governor, proposed tax increases on people earning ""as little as $17,000."" "
" U.S. Senate opponent Eric Hovde ""supported billions in stimulus for high-speed rail""  and ""billions more to bail out banks."" "
" ""There are close to 900,000 unemployed veterans in America right now."" "
" ""One out of every two kids who are graduating college right now can't find a job."" "
" John Mica ""voted to borrow $10 trillion."" "
1 in 7 American families is on food stamps. 
" ""The judicial system is the most underfunded in this state, able to only pay 52 percent of its obligations. Meanwhile, judges get some of the richest pensions of all public employees."" "
" ""Under the Obama administration’s bailout of General Motors, Ohio dealerships were forced to close."" "
" It’s ""typical"" for a presidential candidate to release 10 or 11 years of tax returns. "
" President Obama has ""added $4 billion in debt every day."" "
 Milken Institute rated San Antonio as nation’s top-performing local economy. 
" under federal law ""we do not have any limitation on the number of guns and bullets we can buy."" "
"""Today the Walton family of Walmart own more wealth than the bottom 40 percent of America."" "
" ""Donna Shalala left me with 12 million doses"" of smallpox vaccine and ""I created enough"" to vaccinate ""every man, woman and child against smallpox in America."" "
 former Sen. George Allen voted four times to raise his own pay. 
" Chris Christie ""has refused to fund pensions by billions of dollars,"" and got legislative approval to begin ""properly funding pensions"" in 2018. "
" ""The largest number of bankruptcies in our country are really as a result of health care."" "
" Minnesota has more Fortune 500 companies than Oregon and ""one of the most obvious differences is they've invested in their schools."" "
" ""As we watch the news from Colorado with horror and sympathy for the families, we should remember that each day more than 80 Americans are killed by gunfire, unnecessary tragedies."" "
 Taxes on groceries and medicine will rise under a plan to improve roads and rail for metro Atlanta. 
" ""I ended up my time as governor with a general fund budget that was smaller than the one I started with."" "
" ""Mike Dovilla’s big ideas like expanding the Ohio Motion Picture Tax Credit, which helped bring films like ‘The Avengers’ to Cleveland, have helped make our state No. 1 in the Midwest for job creation."" "
" ""In 2010, Mr. [Anthony] Gemma described himself as a 'pro-life' candidate. Now, he claims to be pro-choice."" "
"he has seen Border Patrol signs near the Mexico border in English, Spanish and Chinese. "
" Twenty two years ago, when he was running for governor, Bill Nelson missed 56 percent of his votes in the U.S. House. "
" India ""gained jobs thanks to Romney."" "
"David Dewhurst ""explicitly advocated"" a guest worker program for all illegal immigrants. "
" The new 21st State Senate district was ""created in secret for Van Wanggaard. It was drawn within half a block of his house."" "
" ""We created as many jobs in the first six months of this year as we did in all of 2011 and 2011 was the best single year for private-sector job growth since the year 2000."" "
" ""Thousands (in China) owe their jobs to Mitt Romney's companies."" "
" ""There's a loophole where you can sell guns without a background check … 40 percent of guns are sold that way"" at gun shows and over the Internet. "
" The state of Georgia has lost 200,000 total jobs and 50,000 construction jobs since May 2007. "
" ""Gov. Romney's plan would cut taxes for the folks at the very top."" "
"""USA is #1 in gun violence."" "
" ""Nearly 100,000 people get shot every year. That's 270 people a day and 87 dead."" "
 New Hampshire has the third-highest property tax in the country.  
" The U.S. initially had three federal felonies: treason, piracy, and counterfeiting securities and money. "
" ""Rhode Islanders pay among the highest auto repair bills in the nation."" "
" Jim Frishe wanted to ""tax us for doing our taxes"" through an accountant. "
" The Obama administration ""has been outsourcing"" by sending money to ""solar and wind energy companies that end up making their products outside the United States."" "
" Jeff Brandes voted to allow state-run Citizens Property Insurance to dump policies onto ""out-of-state, unregulated private companies."" "
 no city comparable in size to Austin or smaller was broken into as many congressional districts. 
 The transportation sales tax would cost the average consumer an estimated $112 a year. 
" Over the last six months, President Barack Obama has golfed 10 times and held 106 fundraisers, but his jobs council has never met. "
" federal debt ""doubled during the Bush administration."" "
" Unemployment among Oregon high school graduates aged 18 to 20 increased more than 200 percent from 2008 to 2011, while the U.S. average increased only 30 percent.  "
" ""Sherrod Brown and his special interest allies in Washington are plotting to spend over $13 million"" to defeat Josh Mandel. "
" ""When I was governor, not only did test scores improve – we also narrowed the achievement gap."" "
"President Barack Obama promised a ""pathway to citizenship"" to undocumented immigrants and ""didn't deliver jack squat on any of it."" "
" According to a national survey, transit ""ridership"" among people age 16 to 34 increased 40 percent between 2001 and 2009. "
" ""Eighty out of 82 counties in Ohio ... have an auto manufacturing facility."" "
" if labor force participation rate were the same as when Barack Obama became president, unemployment would be 11 percent. "
" Mitt Romney had millions in the Cayman Islands, a tax haven. "
 Federal regulations required the changes to Georgia's driver’s license renewal process.   
" The Portland-Milwaukie Light Rail Transit Project has created 1,525 direct jobs as of June 11, 2012. "
" Mitt Romney ""had millions in a Swiss bank account."" "
" ""There are 60,000 fewer jobs today in this state than we had in 2008."" "
" ""Mitt Romney's companies were pioneers in outsourcing U.S. jobs to low-wage countries."" "
" she ""stood up to"" Gov. Scott Walker on tax cuts ""for wealthy corporations"" while her congressional opponent voted with Walker. "
" Sherrod Brown’s approval rating ""has plummeted to 38 percent among Ohio voters"" in a poll by a Democratic pollster. "
" ""Your kid just ate 16 packs of sugar.""  "
" the federal government is spending $765,828 to subsidize ""pancakes for yuppies"" in Washington. "
" recent studies indicate that nationally, only 8 percent of white voting-age citizens but 25 percent of African-American voting-age citizens lack government-issued photo IDs. "
" Cuts in local government and school funding in John Kasich’s budget caused ""many communities to seek school levies, local tax increases, layoffs."" "
" ""Unemployment rate dropped in every state that elected a Republican gov. in 2010"" "
" Mitt Romney ""has a corporation in Bermuda (but) failed to disclose that on seven different financial disclosures."" "
" Montana Democratic Sen. Jon Tester is ""the largest recipient of lobbyist money."" "
" ""tenure still exists but it's been overhauled"" for teachers in New Jersey. "
 The federal government has made investments in science and technology inventing the products that led to the creation of Google. 
" state Sen. Paul Sarlo ""said in February on NJTV, ‘there will be no tax increases in this budget’"" and ""voted the other night in the Senate Budget Committee to raise income taxes $800 million."" "
" ""Two thirds to three quarters of people without [health] insurance in Rhode Island work."" "
" cuts by Gov. Rick Perry's administration left ""12,000 teachers without a job."" "
" ""while state leaders have cut funding for our schools and other basic priorities, the amount of money the state is projected to give away through tax breaks increased by a whopping $3.4 billion."" "
" The Supreme Court said the individual mandate ""is a tax. So it's a tax."" "
" The United States has ""the best health care delivery system in the world."" "
" The Mack Penny Plan for the federal budget  ""would balance our budget by 2019"" and ""continues to gain support."" "
" By eliminating the public intervenor’s office, ""I was the first one to fire Kathleen Falk."" "
" ""If you look at most of the polls, this is a margin-of-error race on Fourth of July between Mitt Romney and the president."" "
" ""our 12 month job increase was the sixth highest in the nation."" "
" ""Fireworks have never been safer, and their use continues to increase each year."" "
"""We’re spending $12,000 bucks a kid a year in the school system."" "
" he ""passed"" eight measures, including ones to prevent groping at airport security checks and to bar ""sanctuary"" cities in Texas.   "
" ""Statistics show that more people at this time telecommute than they ride carpools, mass transit, bicycle or walk."" "
" ""Just in the past 10 years, college tuition has increased 28 percent."" "
" The transportation tax is regressive, and Emory University is ""literally getting its own transit line at virtually no cost to itself.""   "
" ""No one in Rhode Island -- not just children, no one in Rhode Island -- should eat more than one serving of freshwater fish caught in our state each month."" "
" As Massachusetts governor, Mitt Romney used a line-item veto to cut ""millions of dollars for firefighting equipment,"" including firefighters' ""coats, pants, helmets and boots."" "
" ""Oregon schools receive millions of dollars per year in federal school lunch assistance and yet they are required to spend that money almost anywhere but Oregon."" "
" the federal health care law upheld by the Supreme Court ""has improved or saved the lives of more than 4,000 Texans"" otherwise prevented from obtaining health coverage due to pre-existing conditions. "
" ""If you're one of the more than 250 million Americans who already have health insurance, you will keep your health insurance."" "
" ""Austin is the biggest city in America with a Tier One research university (UT-Austin) but without a medical school.""   "
"Obama ""said (the individual mandate) wasn't a tax."" "
" U.S. Senate rival Tommy Thompson said he wants to ""do away with Medicare."" "
" ""There is little if any evidence that the use of red light cameras in New Jersey has reduced the number or severity of accidents at the intersections where they are used."" "
" ""Over the last few decades, the income of the top 1 percent grew by more than 275 percent -- to an average of $1.3 million a year."" "
" ""TriMet's own analysis shows that YouthPass does not actually add to the transit agency's costs."" "
" the Constitution ""specifically states the Congress shall write legislation for immigration policy,"" so Barack Obama lacks the authority to defer the deportation of young illegal immigrants. "
" because of Texas lawmakers’ choices, ""hundreds of thousands of women no longer have access to basic medical care, life-saving cancer screenings and contraception."" "
" ""The median income in America has dropped by 10 percent in the last four years."" "
" ""The state's unemployment rate is fifth-highest in the country, a full point above the nationwide rate and higher than all of our...neighboring states."" "
" Obama has ""racked up more debt than any president in history — over $5 trillion."" "
" The DREAM Act ""was written by members of both parties. When it came up for a vote a year and a half ago, Republicans in Congress blocked it. The bill hadn’t changed. ... The only thing that had changed was politics."" "
" Ronald Reagan ""raised taxes in 1982, 1984, 1985, 1986 and 1987."" "
" Atlanta Tea Party co-founder Debbie Dooley ""wants gas taxes raised."" "
" ""Under current law, if you go on a dating website and you say you're 32 and you're actually 42, you've committed a misdemeanor."" "
" ""Three of our cities are among the top five worst cities in the U.S. for asthma."" "
" ""Did you know Wisconsin's AFSCME union has lost 50%+ of its members since no longer requiring membership?"" "
" ""Gov. Romney was very clear, he would veto the DREAM Act."" "
" In 2008, ""33.2 percent of those who voted early on the last Sunday before Election Day were African-American, while 23.6 percent were Hispanic."" "
" ""70 percent of the people who voted"" on June 5, 2012, ""just didn’t feel comfortable with the recall of the governor,"" weakening any idea that Wisconsin is ""fully behind this Walker agenda.""   "
" ""As Virginia lost over 65,000 jobs, (Tim) Kaine put partisan ambitions first"" by serving as DNC chairman during the last year of his governorship. "
" Rhode Island has the ""worst maintained bridges in the United States of America . . . and we have the second worst maintained roads [behind] Alaska."" "
" ""A million people a year come into the U.S. legally. No other country even comes close to that figure."" "
" ""Vagina. Because apparently, saying that word in the Michigan State House of Representatives can get you a two-day ban from speaking on the floor."" "
" ""In 2011, NJ economy ranked 47th--at the bottom with Alabama, Mississippi & Wyoming. Under Christie, NJ is falling behind."" "
" Says, ""Less than half of all states have legal protections on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity, despite the fact that LGBT Americans report employment discrimination and unemployment at much higher rates than the U.S. average."" "
" Barack Obama has ""provided guns to Mexican drug cartels."" "
" ""When Mitt Romney was governor, Massachusetts ... (had) more debt per person than any other state in the country."" "
" ""Before I was governor, tuition was skyrocketing and we stopped that. We capped and then we froze college tuition."" "
" Last year, ""Exxon pocketed nearly $4.7 million every hour."" "
" Mitt Romney has said ""we don't need 'more firemen, more policemen, more teachers.' "" "
 Say Portland Public Schools' central administration makes up less than 4 percent of the staff. 
" Virginia women earn ""only 79 cents to each dollar earned by men..."" "
 U.S. Rep. Paul Broun has not authored any legislation that has been adopted by Congress. 
" Barack Obama is ""trying to slash funding for the Armed Pilots Program designed to prevent terror attacks."" "
" When Mitt Romney was governor, Massachusetts lost 40,000 manufacturing jobs, a rate twice the national average, and fell to 47th in job creation, fourth from the bottom.   "
" Barack Obama’s regulatory adviser Cass Sunstein, ""wants to ban hunting and says animals should be represented in court."" "
" under Mitt Romney, Massachusetts was 47th in job creation. "
" lawyer appointed by Eric Holder to investigate government leaks helped and donated to Obama's campaign, vetting vice presidential prospects. "
" ""Giving the facts:  73,000 jobs created ... since '11.  Do you know how many direct jobs in the auto industry?  1,800."" "
" Portland, Ore., has ""never gotten over 12 to 15 percent ridership"" of its public transit system ""in the past 12 years."" "
" ""Marcy Kaptur voted against a ban which would have prevented the aborting of a baby girl for the sole reason that she's a girl."" "
"""only 18 percent of Portland elementary schools have art instruction compared to 83 percent nationally."" "
" ""Romney outsourced call center jobs to India.""   "
" As governor of Massachusetts, ""Romney reduced unemployment to just 4.7 percent."" "
" ""Minnesota has passed and Indiana has passed"" right to work laws making union membership and dues optional "
" A new manufacturing plant is slated to create about 3,000 jobs in central and northeast Georgia and ""create about a $3 billion infusion"" into the economy. "
"  The United States has experienced ""40 straight months of unemployment at 8 percent or higher."" "
" ""When I started in Ohio it was terrible. Now, we’re getting bipartisan support for our bills. And that’s called leadership."" "
" ""Tommy Thompson's tax plan amounts to an average tax cut of almost $87,000 for the top 1 percent."" "
" ""we are overcharging students . . . to help pay for the health care law."" "
 Democratic runoff opponent Grady Yarbrough twice previously ran statewide as a Republican. 
" ""More Hispanics have fallen into poverty under Obama."" "
" ""When Mitt Romney was governor, Massachusetts lost 40,000 manufacturing jobs, a rate twice the national average."" "
" ""In Galveston, Texas, they have allowed people to privatize part of their Social Security. And people are building wealth."" "
 Barack Obama has played nearly 100 rounds of golf as president. 
" ""It took us four years to balance the budget. Then I gave you four surplus budgets for the first time in more than 70 years, paid $600 billion down on the national debt."" "
" Florida election officials’ requests to some residents to submit proof of citizenship is a ""backdoor poll tax."" "
" ""District 22 includes about 80% of the district I have represented since 2010. District 20 includes about 20% of the area I have represented since 2010."" "
" he ""cut the budget."" "
" Massachusetts under Gov. Mitt Romney initially ranked last among states in job growth, but by the end of his governorship, ""we were in the middle of the pack."" "
" Under Gov. Mitt Romney, Massachusetts ranked ""47th in job creation."" "
" ""TriMet now spends $1.63 in benefits for every $1.00 spent on wages."" "
" ""In the 2000 Florida election, at least 1,100 eligible voters were wrongly dropped from voting rolls in an attempt to purge a list of felons. Many of those who were dropped showed up to vote and were told they could not."" "
" When Mitt Romney was governor, ""the fact is that the average income for a family in Massachusetts went up by $5,500."" "
 Rob Portman won the fewest votes of all Ohio U. S. Senate victors since 2000. 
" Georgia Public Service Commission member Stan Wise ""has received about 95 percent of his campaign money from the utilities he is supposed to be regulating."" "
" ""Women have come through the recession worse off than men … the numbers bear that out. We went from a 7 percent unemployment rate for women when he (President Barack Obama) was elected to an 8.1 percent now."" "
" President Obama budget request for veterans is ""more than double the amount in constant dollars appropriated in 1980, when the veterans population was larger by a third."" "
" The last three days of early voting ""happen to be the most populated days of voting that we have in early voting."" "
" ""Forty years ago ... about half of congressional districts were genuinely competitive. Today, only about 10 percent of House races on Cook Political Report are listed as ‘toss-ups’ or ‘lean’ to one party."" "
" ""The U.S. is borrowing approximately $2.52 for every $1 of economic growth so far in 2012."" "
" The federal government ""reviewed and verified"" his administration’s numbers showing Wisconsin added 23,608 jobs in 2011. "
" Figures cited by Gov. Scott Walker ""are not commonly used"" to measure job creation. "
" Tom Barrett plans ""to spend $100 million on a trolley that goes barely two miles on the east side of Milwaukee."" "
" ""We’ve seen property taxes go down for the first time in 12 years on a median valued home."" "
" in the last six months of the Bush administration, the U.S. lost 3.5 million jobs, including 760,000 jobs during January 2009 alone. "
" Candidate Bill Byrne used campaign funds for work on his ""personal car."" "
" ""The legislature was never given the opportunity to debate or vote on loaning $75 million to 38 Studios."" "
" ""More than 250 (voter registration) groups, ranging across the entire political spectrum, have filed with the state and are registering voters right now."" "
" Amanda Fritz ""manages less than 5 percent of city operations."" "
" that from 1992 through 2010, every statewide candidate drawing over 43 percent of the vote in a Republican Texas primary won the resulting runoff. "
" ""When it comes to what little bit of job creation was happening in Massachusetts (when Mitt Romney was governor), it was happening in the public sector at six times the rate that it was happening in the private sector."" "
" To help balance the 2011-13 budget, Gov. Scott Walker used ""a credit card"" approach that ""pushed over $500 million in debt onto our children and our grandchildren"" costing state taxpayers ""more than $150 million in interest."" "
" Thanks to our policies, ""for the first time in state history, we have put millions of dollars into our rainy day fund in consecutive years."" "
"""there have been some job gains in the McMansion State since Mr. Christie took office, but they have lagged gains both in the nation as a whole and in New York and Connecticut, the obvious points of comparison."" "
" he ""earned the highest possible credit ratings as state treasurer."" "
"Access for 12,000 women to use Planned Parenthood -- ""not for the right to choose,"" but for ""basic health care"" -- was ""taken away"" by Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker and Lt. Gov. Rebecca Kleefisch. "
" ""The Republican from Georgia [U.S. Rep. Jack Kingston], he hasn’t even been to a NASCAR race."" "
" ""According to ATF data, 70 percent of firearms recovered and traced in drug cartel crimes in Mexico originated from the United States."" "
" ""The region I represent, both currently and in the future, has more automotive plants than the entire state of California."" "
" ""While Act 10 allowed (Milwaukee County) to save some money, it was millions short of what we needed to fill the hole left by the $28 million cut in state aid.""  "
" ""Water transportation is the most fuel efficient, least polluting, safest, and least expensive means of moving cargo."" "
" he ""restored prayer and the pledge in our schools."" "
" the city of Portland has one manager for every six ""front-line"" workers. "
" ""one in four women and one in seven men have been victims of domestic violence in their lifetime."" "
 Obama broke his promise to help homeowners facing foreclosure. 
" ""For every one mile of light-rail track that will be built, 16 miles of new road capacity will be built.""   "
Paul Workman authored legislation providing amnesty for illegal immigrants. 
" Williamson County Attorney Jana Duty ""has never prosecuted a single adult felony case."" "
"Mitt Romney is wrong to claim that spending under Obama has ""accelerated at a pace without precedent in recent history,"" because it's actually risen ""slower than at any time in nearly 60 years."" "
" ""Over the past five years the federal government has paid out $601 million in retirement and disability benefits to deceased former federal employees."" "
" National debt plus unfunded liabilities adds up to $520,000 per American household. "
" ""Right now, we have the lowest gas tax of anywhere in the country."" "
" ""over 40 percent of recent county bonds are for Precinct One, northeast Travis County,"" because he ""is quick to identify projects that help make the East Side a desirable place to live."" "
" New Jersey’s prison system is ""61 percent African-American even though our state is just 13 percent black."" "
" The recent process of awarding $3 billion worth of airport vending contracts was the ""most open and transparent procurement process in the city’s history."" "
" Democratic recall opponent Mahlon Mitchell sent a letter ""encouraging folks to boycott more than 100 companies."" "
" ""Jimmy Langevin is having a fundraiser . . . to retire the debt from his campaign for secretary of state, which was 12 years ago."" "
" ""A Florida judge ruled parts of Obamacare unconstitutional."" "
" in U.S. Congress, members ""don’t even have to be on the floor for debates or votes."" "
" he posted a ""win"" in the Republican Party of Wisconsin endorsement contest in the U.S. Senate primary. "
" Obama promised to cut the deficit by half by the end of his first term but he ""hasn't even come close."" "
 he represents or has represented about half the San Antonio-rooted district in which he seeks election. 
"""New Jersey has the largest transit system in the entire country."" "
" After they bought GST Steel, ""Mitt Romney and his partners loaded it with debt, closed the Kansas City plant and walked away with a healthy profit, leaving hundreds of employees out of work with their pensions in jeopardy."" "
" There are ""49 different federal job training programs that report to eight agencies."" "
 George LeMieux was one of two Republicans who voted for President Barack Obama's jobs bill. 
" George Allen and his colleagues in the Senate ""turned the biggest surplus in the history of the United States into the biggest deficit in the history of the United States."" "
" the health care reform bill was paid for, in part, by taking money from students and the student loan system. "
" ""When these [undocumented] students graduate from college, they're still illegal aliens. They cannot get a job."" "
" Florida has ""1,200 golf courses. I think 58 million rounds played a year in Florida. We’ve got 44 percent of all travel golf in the country here. 5 million people come here just for golf."" "
" ""I am happy to decline PERS so that the County can save over $68,000 over a four year term that would have been paid on my behalf."" "
" ""One-third of our healthcare dollars go to wasteful insurance billing and bureaucracy."" "
" Lee Leffingwell ""raised property taxes 20 percent in three years."" "
" ""Just remember this: the president's health care bill put 30 million people on health care rolls that weren't there before."" "
" when he was governor, ""we expanded participation in Virginia in early childhood programs by nearly 40 percent."" "
" since 2000, Austin’s ""tax burden"" rose more than 40 percent while family income rose more than 20 percent. "
" If Congress froze the current spending level and then cut it by 2 percent annually, ""we could balance the budget in five years."" "
" New Jersey has ""the highest property taxes in the nation and not by a little. They are the highest property taxes in the nation, more than double the national average."" "
"U.S. Sen. Bill Nelson ""chose to side with President Obama"" against the Keystone pipeline "
 Austin Mayor Lee Leffingwell voted for a toll lane on MoPac. 
" ""The United States imprisons more than any nation in the world."" "
" no Austin City Council ""member lives south of"" Lady Bird Lake ""or north of 45th Street."" "
" ""There has not been a Democratic woman in Congress from New Jersey in almost four decades."" "
"""We are coming up on our 40th anniversary of electing a Republican to the United States Senate. 1972 was the last time New Jersey sent a Republican to the United States Senate."" "
 Crime rises in communities with casinos. 
" Mitt Romney ""has refused to say whether he would have vetoed or signed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act."" "
" Mitt Romney has ""proposed cutting his own taxes while raising them on 18 million working families."" "
" that U.S. Sen. Marco Rubio says troops are leaving Iraq ""too fast."" "
" he ""is the only candidate in the race for Clackamas County Chair who will refuse to join the Public Employees Retirement System."" "
"Mitt Romney is proposing a ""tax cut that gives an average of $250,000 to every millionaire in this country."" "
 Each U.S. House member who voted to overhaul Social Security in 1983 was re-elected. 
" Ohio law gives tax breaks ""to rich people who own private jets.""  "
" ""We should be seeing numbers in the 500,000 jobs created per month. (Creating 115,000 jobs, the total from April 2012) is way, way, way off from what should happen in a normal recovery."" "
" the average Ohio student graduates from a four-year college or university with nearly $27,000 in tuition debt. "
" Gov. Scott Walker ""has caused Wisconsin to lose more jobs than any other state in the country."" "
" ""We will not ask for a tax increase to run city government."" "
" Says  ""I don’t agree with Mr. Hales that we should give a sweeping break to the developers to allow them to build that infill housing without paying for those very basics."" "
" Say that under state law, ""systems development charges can only be spent on capital investment."" "
 she is co-owner of Celilo Group Media. 
" ""When housing and transportation costs are combined, Atlanta’s cost of living -- typically perceived as relatively low -- ranks as 7th worst out of 51 metros nationally."" "
" ""The United States already has the highest corporate tax rate in the world."" "
" Since 2009, the Ohio Republican Party has made more contacts with voters — nearly 6.6 million — than any other GOP state organization in the nation. "
" ""in our gun laws we’re allowing domestic abusers to sidestep this ban on getting a gun. The loophole allows a convicted abuser to walk into a gun show and walk out with a gun, no questions asked."" "
" ""We have to recognize that our salaries for faculty are the lowest in New England with the exception of the University of Maine."" "
" ""Wisconsin lost more jobs over the past 12 months than any other state."" "
" excessive speculation is pushing up oil prices and a recent report estimates it ""adds 56 cents to every gallon of gasoline siphoned from the pump."" "
 The fastest-rising expense in the U.S. Defense Department is health care. 
" ""Amanda Fritz publicly claimed to be endorsed by NARAL Pro-Choice Oregon, both on her website and in the voter’s guide.""   "
" ""Austin has the lowest property tax rate by far of the five major cities in Texas."" "
 Mitt Romney's comments indicated he would not have pursued Osama bin Laden. 
" ""About 230,000 people that were on unemployment when I took office are not on unemployment now."" "
" Mitt Romney’s top five donors are Wall Street firms, while Barack Obama’s top five are technology companies and universities. "
" The average Atlanta resident ""spends an extra $924 each year in additional gasoline and wasted time."" "
" In the ""Obama economy ... the youth unemployment rate is double the unemployment rate for all Americans."" "
" Under Republican economic policies, ""the typical American family saw their incomes fall by about 6 percent."" "
" legislative cuts mean Texas is ""spending on average $500 less per student."" "
" ""The Democrat-controlled Senate, it hasn't passed a budget in more than 1,000 days."" "
" ""We are at a 40-year low in our crime rate in our state."" "
" ""The University of Florida announced this past week that it was dropping its computer science department ... Meanwhile, the athletic budget for the current year is $97.7 million, an increase of more than $2 million from last year."" "
 his Texas election fraud investigations have resulted in 50 convictions. 
" At the same time gas prices have increased, ""the share of the oil market controlled by speculators has more than doubled over the past 10 years."" "
" Under President Barack Obama’s watch, ""oil production on federal lands has decreased 14 percent over the past year.""  "
" more than 8,000 people have supported her campaign as volunteers, donors and advisors and endorsers. "
"In the past three years, ""we've added enough new oil and gas pipeline to circle the Earth and then some."" "
" ""One out of two Americans … are living either in or near poverty. That means 150 million Americans, half of us."" "
" ""We’ve got four Supreme Court justices who … signed their name to a declaration that Americans have no fundamental right to self-defense.""   "
" ""If you're earning under $100,000 a year and you commute to New York every day you pay more to the Port Authority in tolls than you pay to the state of New Jersey in income tax."" "
" The Buffett Rule ""will bring in less than $5 billion per year. ... Enough to pay one week’s interest on the national debt."" "
" Georgia’s HOPE scholarship is ""still the richest scholarship program in America."" "
" the Congressional Budget Office has estimated ""every penny of the federal budget will go to interest on the debt and entitlement spending by 2025."" "
" ""Rhode Island’s exports have increased by 53 percent in the last two years."" "
" ""The number of new businesses started per year has dropped by 100,000 during this president’s term."" "
" ""President Obama's suggested reduction in spending for next year: $0."" "
" that when adjusted for inflation and population growth, state general revenue spending has decreased 10.7 percent on his watch. "
" ""The federal government owns tens of thousands of properties that are vacant or underused."" "
" ""Tourism accounts for 439,000 jobs in the state of Ohio, and visitors spend $36 billion annually."" "
" ""In 1993 the Republicans embraced a health platform that proudly features an individual mandate as its main component."" "
" Ellen Rosenblum ""has said over and over again that this is a job where 80 percent of the job is being the government’s lawyer."" "
 Ted Cruz represents a Chinese company found guilty of stealing blueprints from an American manufacturer. 
" ""Congress as a whole is less popular than it’s been since polling was invented."" "
" ""The (ARC Tunnel) project was originally estimated to be $8.7 billion, and New Jersey alone was on the hook for all overruns."" "
" ""Large phone companies and their trade association have hired 35 registered lobbyists to influence and pass SB 271 (deregulation legislation)."" "
" ""Only 14 percent of Catholics agree with the Vatican's position that abortion should be illegal."" "
" ""We've brought trade cases against China at nearly twice the rate as the last administration."" "
" George Allen ""voted for 40,000 earmarks."" "
" ""By the time I finish this speech, two Americans will be slain, six women will be raped, 27 of us will be robbed, and 50 more will be beaten."" "
 opponent Ted Cruz has not led businesses. 
" ""The bulk of the people who are shot with a weapon — other than these drug gangs taking on one another — end up being shot with their own weapon."" "
" ""While the country’s economy was battered, nine states with no income tax actually grew jobs from 2001 to 2010."" "
 The U.S. Supreme Court has not traditionally asked a lot of questions during oral arguments. 
" his sons were ""targeted"" on Facebook ""by out-of-state protesters."" "
" The ""Buffett rule"" ""raises virtually no money, maybe a day and a half of our borrowing per year."" "
" Georgia is one of three states that ""effectively have no regulations whatsoever on lobbyists giving to legislators."" "
" The 30 percent tax rate called for under President Barack Obama’s proposed Buffett Rule ""is lower than the prescribed tax rate for millionaires already -- not just for millionaires, for people making over $200,000."" "
" the Pentagon has never passed a financial audit. In fact,  the Pentagon is exempt from a federal law that requires all federal agencies to complete annual audits. "
" ""It's the first time in the nation this many members have been drawn (by a Legislature) into the same districts where it wasn't a court order."" "
" oil ""production's down where Obama's in charge."" "
" a bill requiring ultrasounds before abortions ""was supported by Republicans and Democrats."" "
" ""Together we added more jobs than any other area"" while I was Dane County executive. "
" ""[O]ver 200,000 ordinary citizens were given the opportunity to identify projects they preferred."" "
" ""Since President Obama took office, our federal spending has increased by nearly 30 percent and our national debt has increased by almost 50 percent."" "
" ""unemployment tripled"" in Dane County due to Kathleen Falk’s tax policies "
" New Jersey Devils managing partner Jeff Vanderbeek ""froze all those monies during the toughest years in ‘08-’09"" and ""refused to give the charitable dollars that he was required to give by the contract."" "
" Mayor Tom Barrett’s policies drove unemployment up 27 percent in Milwaukee, pushing it to ""one of America’s 10 worst cities for unemployment."" "
" the United States ""actually exports more gasoline, diesel and other fuels than it imported in 2011 for the first time since, I think, 1949."" "
" ""Our rainy day fund has gone from 89 cents to $240 million."" "
" ""98 percent of American families"" make ""under $250,000 a year."" "
" ""at the state level we're spending more on tax expenditures than we are on public safety, health care and education combined."" "
" ""6.4 million more Americans living in poverty under President Obama."" "
" ""Lean, finely textured beef is the proper name [not pink slime], and it is a safe, widely used product."" "
" ""99.97 percent of the kids live in poverty that attend Cleveland public schools."" "
" ""The average age of members of the House of Representatives is 57 years old."" "
"  ""Under President Obama, domestic oil production is at an eight-year high.""   "
" the Obama administration ""will no longer enforce the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA)."" "
" An effort to repeal voting-reform legislation would be ""the first time in Ohio history where a bill has been passed to stop a referendum."" "
"""As the usage [of synthetic marijuana] has dramatically increased, instances of violence, bodily harm and even death have risen with it."" "
" his reform efforts improved performance at all 10 low-performing schools in Palm Beach, Florida. "
" Under the House Republican budget, ""if these cuts were to be spread out evenly … the year after next, nearly 10 million college students would see their financial aid cut by an average of more than $1,000 each."" "
"Adding ethanol to gas ""raises food costs."" "
" ""Mitt Romney’s pledged to protect (oil companies') record profits – and their billions in special tax breaks, too.""   "
" ""Republicans in Congress refuse to list a single tax loophole they are willing to close."" "
" ""We were the No. 1 job creator in America in February and we are now the No. 4 job creator in the last year."" "
" ""To get out of the (teachers) union, you pay 85 percent of $731. Then you're out of the union, but you've got to pay it every year, also required by statute. That’s called a representation fee."" "
" ""This is the only state in the country that bypassed the General Assembly to authorize [in-state tuition for undocumented immigrants].""  "
 Jeff Wentworth was the only Republican to vote against the Texas measure requiring women to have a sonogram before receiving an abortion. 
 Barack Obama has played over 90 rounds of golf as president. 
" Ronald Reagan ""understood repeatedly that when the deficit started to get out of control, that for him to make a deal he would have to propose both spending cuts and tax increases."" "
" ""Richard Hayne, president and CEO of Urban Outfitters … (is) a supporter of Rick Santorum and donated over $13,000 to him."" "
" when New Jersey adopted guaranteed coverage and cost provisions without a mandate individual health insurance market rates ""doubled or tripled"" and enrollment dropped from 180,000 people to 80,000 people. "
" Tim Kaine ""reduced higher education funding by 25 percent when he was governor, driving up tuition..."" "
" In ""the past 10 years, our (Austin) water rates have increased by 100 percent and we now have the highest water cost of the top 10 cities in Texas."" "
" ""More children die in agricultural jobs than in any other industry."" "
" ""streetcars carry more people than buses … you attract more riders who don't ride transit now, and actually the operating costs are not any greater than the bus."" "
" ""We have the lowest per-capita spending of any state in the nation"" except for South Dakota. "
" ""Having an entirely Democrat congressional delegation in 2009, when the [federal stimulus] bill passed, increases the per capita stimulus dollars that the state receives per person by $460."" "
" ""Obama opposed exploring for energy in Alaska."" "
" ""today unemployment has been running near 12 percent or more for the last four years"" and the Legislature hasn’t done much to lower it.  "
" ""Last year, we produced 14 percent less oil on public lands than we did the year before."" "
" If Rhode Island raises the meal and beverage tax to 10 percent, it would be the ""fourth-highest in the nation."" "
" ""There is not one single federal housing program yet that has not needed a bailout to survive."" "
" ""Polls show Americans are overwhelmingly opposed to Obamacare, especially the individual mandate."" "
"Gloria Steinem once called Kay Bailey Hutchison a ""female impersonator."" "
 Congressman Steve Rothman voted against funding for President Barack Obama’s auto bailout and would have let automakers go bankrupt. 
 you need a photo ID to purchase Sudafed in Texas. 
" Mitt Romney said ""we are going to have to live with high gas prices, it's a good thing because it will reduce consumption, we don't want to produce any more gasoline."" "
" ""Up to 80 percent of small businesses will be forced to give up their current plans due to new Obamacare regulations."" "
" President Barack Obama ""reduced the cost of prescription drugs for nearly 3.6 million Americans in 2011."" "
" Since Florida passed the ""stand your ground"" law in 2005, deaths due to self-defense have jumped over 250 percent. "
" The changes to Georgia’s tax and fee structure ""is an overall tax cut."" "
" ""The poorest in this country are women."" "
" a study shows that children who live with a biological parent and the parent's boyfriend or girlfriend ""have a 20 times greater chance of being sexually abused."" "
he and President Barack Obama have the same position on gay marriage. 
" ""Every poll you see, the overwhelming majority of people want [E-Verify]."" "
" ""Nearly 45 percent of the women who receive health screenings through (the Women’s Health Program) do so at a Planned Parenthood health center."" "
" ""More than half of the births in Texas are paid for by Medicaid."" "
" ""We’ve had a dramatic drop in violent crime since this law (‘stand your ground’) has been in effect."" "
" ""Invested $90 million in traffic fixes without raising taxes."" "
" According to the Congressional Budget Office, ""as many as 20 million Americans could lose their employer-based insurance thanks to Obamacare."" "
" that in fiscal year 2010, ""nearly 80 percent of women served"" in the Texas Women’s Health Program received services from a provider other than a Planned Parenthood clinic. "
" ""New Jersey has the most educated population of all the states in this country."" "
" ""New business startups are at the lowest levels in 30 years."" "
" Metro Atlantans spend ""over an hour every day"" or ""five hours a week"" commuting, for a total of ""260 hours a year."" "
"""When we passed (the stand your ground law), we said it portends horrific events when people's lives were put into these situations."" "
 Romney flip-flopped on abortion. 
" The RESTORE Act started as an ""effort to dedicate as much BP fine money as possible towards Gulf Coast restoration"" but now ""could steer money to places like the Great Lakes and West Coast."" "
" ""New Jersey loses net, that is minus those who come into the state, 30,000 students a year."" "
 Lake Erie contains more native fish than all the other Great Lakes combined. 
" ""(GM and Chrysler) repaid their loans."" "
" ""However, it took $19.5 million in Oregon Lottery funds for the Port of Newport to eventually land the new NOAA Marine Operations Center-Pacific."" "
" Milwaukee County Executive Chris Abele ""eliminated"" sheriff’s office funding for providing security for presidential and presidential campaign visits.   "
" ""This bill allows Virginia to join about 23 other states that have an ultrasound procedure"" before an abortion. "
" Despite President Barack Obama's promise to cut healthcare costs, ""the average cost of a family policy is up $1,300."" "
 Tennessee has some of the lowest beer excise tax rates in the country. 
" ""We have $60 billion in 2010 in Medicare fraud."" "
" Because of the new health care law, ""Americans no longer will see their coverage dropped or capped when illness strikes."" "
" By the time Obama took office, ""The Bush administration had given the car companies $13 billion and the money was now gone."" "
" 85 percent of Milwaukee shootings involve ""people with extensive criminal records shooting other people with extensive criminal records."" "
" ""the governor took away a billion dollars of rebates, so in real dollars, our property taxes have gone up 20 percent."" "
" ""We also have, in a park that’s not far from here, an ability to build a reservoir that can hold a 30-day water supply for the city of Atlanta."" "
" Gov. Scott Walker ""didn’t balance the budget"" so ""we now have a larger state deficit 14 months into (his) term than we did when he was elected."" "
" there have been ""well over"" 54 million abortions since 1973. "
" ""More than 27,000 Rhode Island jobs depend on trade with Canada."" "
" Because of the new health care law, ""2.5 million young adults now have coverage."" "
" ""While 9,000 state employees were added to the state’s payroll, Oregon’s revenue forecasts dropped by more than $4 billion."" "
" ""In 1950, the average American lived for 68 years and 16 workers supported one retiree. Today, the average life expectancy is 78 and three workers support one retiree."" "
"Wisconsin is called the Badger State because ""our ancestors came here with the hopes of living the American dream by mining."" "
" David Rivera ""received a $5,000 campaign contribution from Congressman Spencer Bachus, who is currently under House Ethics investigation for insider trading."" "
" ""In Texas, there are 668 Democratic Hispanic elected officials to the 60 in the Republican Party."" "
" The Wisconsin state Assembly chambers extend to the bathroom and the parlor, and rules allow members to vote for each other if the member is in the chambers. "
" ""my plan is a property tax cut."" "
" ""The total (state) payroll has gone down. The total amount of the number of workers in the state has gone down. I like the fact that the bulk of that is just by retirements."" "
" ""There are a lot of casinos across the country that have gone bankrupt."" "
"Obama's secretary of energy, Dr. Steven Chu, ""has said publicly he wants us to pay European levels (for gasoline), and that would be $9 or $10 a gallon."" "
 Gov. Scott Walker cut aid to local schools despite campaigning on trying to restore two-thirds state funding for education 
" There are ""850,000 Ohio jobs tied to the auto industry."" "
 there are four super PACs on the Republican side of the Texas U.S. Senate race. 
" ""Ohio is not meeting its obligation to update voter registrations when voters change their address with the BMV."" "
" ""In the last two years, super PACs raised more than $180 million -- with roughly half of it coming from fewer than 200 super-rich people and roughly 20 percent from corporations."" "
" ""It costs about $40,000 a year for a homeless person to be on the streets."" "
" ""In some communities, for $10,000 worth of (PIP) coverage it’s $1,500 a year."" "
" ""A clear majority of Americans support removing the cost-sharing requirement for prescription contraceptive coverage."" "
" Georgia ranks ""last in job growth."" "
" ""Seven out of the 10 states with the lowest unemployment rates (have) Republican governors … That approach that Republicans are using is working."" "
" 94 percent of Wisconsin employers think the state ""is heading in the right direction"" and a majority say they will ""grow their companies in 2012."" "
" ""They're paying a less rate of tax -- these richest people in America -- than they have in the last 80 years."" "
" ""A hundred percent of all the jobs lost during the recession have been reclaimed in Texas … while the nation is at about 36 percent."" "
" PIP fraud is ""$1 billion in fraud."" "
" ""traffic fatalities have fallen dramatically, even as population has risen. You are more likely to stay alive biking, walking and driving around Portland than you were before"" he took over the Portland Bureau of Transportation. "
" he ""cut taxes by more than $600 million"" when he was governor. "
" ""If we keep the minimum wage at the current level, then single-parent families earning the minimum wage at a full-time job will live in poverty in New Jersey."" "
" Barack Obama ""promised he would cut the deficit in half"" but didn’t. "
" ""A little less than 50 percent of the people in this country depend on some form of federal payment, some form of government benefit to help provide for them."" "
"Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker doesn't make his calendar public -- ""he's on our dime and we don't know where he is."" "
" the proposed fiscal year 2013 budget ""is still below the level of state spending when I took office."" "
" the federal government ""tells health insurance companies how much money they're allowed to keep of what they receive in revenues -- 15 percent."" "
"""Fifty percent of the graduating class of the year 2012 will have smoked marijuana or have done illegal drugs."" "
" ""Rhode Island is the only state where officers at state-supported [colleges] carry out their duties unarmed."" "
" ""Between 1982 and 2007 the cost of a college education increased 439 percent."" "
" ""half the Americans don't pay any income taxes."" "
" ""The top 1 percent (of income earners) paid 36.7 percent (of the taxes).  ... The top 50 percent pay 97.7 percent.""   "
" ""[E]mployment in Gwinnett is up more than 3 percent over last year, and unemployment is the lowest of the five core metro counties."" "
" Ted Cruz slurred Republican senators including John Cornyn as ""graybeards"" and ""spineless jellyfish."" "
" Pasco County ""opened 22 new schools over six years to keep pace with growth in student population and implement the class size amendment."" "
" Pasco County schools have graduation rates ""substantially higher than the state average"" and dropout rates ""below the state average."" "
" ""In 2011, there were more than 28,000 new Tennessee jobs created and over $4 billion in capital investment. Our Jobs4TN plan is working."" "
" ""One out of four of our young people say they are victims of this (dating) violence."" "
" ""In 2010 about 75 percent of child abuse and neglect reports in Oregon were made by those required to report by law."" "
" There are ""a larger number of shark attacks in Florida than there are cases of voter fraud."" "
" ""Gingrich supported individual health insurance mandates."" "
" ""Under President Obama, U.S. security funding for Israel is at an all-time high."" "
" ""We supported the first new nuclear power plant in three decades."" "
 All travelers -- even babies -- arriving in the U.S. by air must have a passport. 
Sixteen million jobs were created under Ronald Reagan's presidency. 
" he ""did the very best"" in a recent poll in Iowa matching up each of the major Republican presidential candidates against President Barack Obama. "
" Rhode Island has the ""the second-most heavily deployed National Guard in the United States."" "
" Rick Santorum ""funded Planned Parenthood."" "
" The U.S. has a ""record number of oil rigs operating right now – more working oil and gas rigs than the rest of the world combined."" "
 local Texas chambers of commerce were granted exemptions from paying property taxes on their headquarter properties. 
" Rick Santorum ""opposes right-to-work"" "
" when she ""helped get $15 billion more for veterans care, Kucinich voted No."" "
 there’s no proven instance where hydraulic fracking has polluted groundwater. 
" Mitt Romney said he does not ""line up with the NRA."" "
" ""Since President Obama took full control of Washington,"" every day, 13,000 more people ""have been put on food stamps."" "
" ""Rick Santorum supported (Arlen) Specter over conservative candidates twice."" "
" that Rick Santorum ""voted for the unions over FedEx."" "
" ""Every time we put a ballot issue on, it costs a million dollars."" "
" ""Florida ranks 45th"" in the nation for tuition. "
" After prenatal diagnosis, ""90 percent of Down syndrome children in America are aborted."" "
" private-sector job growth in 2011 ""places New Jersey in the top third among all of the states."" "
" ""It’s going to be harder to vote in Virginia than it is now to buy a gun..."" "
" ""Our small staff of 51 is still fewer than we had a decade ago, yet our caseload -- like that of other courts -- has grown."" "
" ""New Jersey has the second highest rate of institutionalization"" of people with developmental disabilities ""in America. Only Texas puts more of its citizens -- confines more of its citizens -- to institutions than New Jersey. "" "
" ""The majority of Americans are conservatives."" "
" ""in Oregon only 41 percent of adults have ever been tested"" for HIV. "
" Florida is ""the largest dog-racing state in the country."" "
" ""Over 40 percent of children born in America are born out of wedlock."" "
" ""When Marcy Kaptur brought home $42 million for new manufacturing jobs, Dennis Kucinich voted 'no'."" "
" ""80 percent of the health care dollars are spent by 20 percent of the population."" "
" ""When I was born, less than 10 percent of the federal budget was entitlement spending. It's now 60 percent of the budget."" "
" ""When I was born, defense spending was 60 percent of the budget. It's now 17 percent."" "
" ""Right now, 50 percent of Florida students leaving high school cannot read at grade level."" "
" ""The governor is trying to take credit for recent actions taken by these companies. The problem is that for all three companies, the decision to move or stay in New Jersey happened before Chris Christie became governor.""   "
" ""As Virginia’s governor, Allen cut spending and waste with bipartisan support."" "
" Other states have considered or have sunset advisory commissions; the federal government has the ability, too. "
" ""I have a very conservative voting record."" "
" After Arizona banned smoking in ""all public places"" in 2007, ""admissions for acute myocardial infarction … stroke, asthma, [and] angina decreased following the implementation of the ban."" "
" Mitt Romney supports a plan ""to slowly and gradually raise the retirement age of Social Security."" "
" ""[W]hen adjusted for cost of living, Georgia ranks first nationally in teacher salary and benefits."" "
" Mitt Romney ""supervised a company guilty of massive Medicare fraud."" "
 he banned texting while driving in Austin. 
" Republican U.S. Senate candidate Ted Cruz ""opposes the DREAM Act, which is supported by 85% of Latinos."" "
 The cost of a gas tank fill-up has risen $30 since Barack Obama became president.   
" the federal government could save $175,587 by eliminating a study of the ""connection between cocaine and risky sex habits of the Japanese quail."" "
" ""'Wrong precinct' rules exacerbate our provisional ballot problems (and) HB 194 does nothing to solve the wrong-precinct problem."" "
" ""They're saying that 40 percent of the traffic that goes over [the Sakonnet River Bridge is from] out of state."" "
" ""Shelby County donated – I’m sorry, gave – 44 schools to the city of Memphis."" "
" Scott Walker enacted ""the biggest cuts to education in our state’s history."" "
" ""there are homes for sale on and around (Oswego Lake) right now for under $150,000 that anyone is welcome to buy."" "
" in his years as a Texas legislator, ""we passed three pay increases for teachers and provided them with health insurance."" "
" ""We are poised to get rid of over 1,000 more regulations in 2012."" "
 unemployment would be at 10 percent if people who have quit looking for work were included in federal labor force calculations. 
" ""Romney adviser admits Romneycare was blueprint for Obamacare."" "
" ""Obamacare (hit) Americans with over $500 billion in new taxes."" "
" Florida ""unemployment has dropped more than 2 percentage points, down from 12 percent to 9.9 percent, the second-largest drop in the nation."" "
" a 1915 referendum on women’s right to vote ""went down in New Jersey. And it took the Legislature to pass it."" "
 You may have driven the length of a football field in the five seconds it takes to check a text.  
" ""Many of the top officials at the Port Authority earn more money than the governors of the states that have jurisdiction over them."" "
" ""We aren't the only state cutting back on public television."" "
" ""if we raise the number of third-graders who read at a third-grade level, we affect everything, from graduation rates to incarceration rates."" "
" Milwaukee blacks have 55 percent male unemployment, 60 percent truancy, a 50 percent graduation rate, the ""worst"" reading scores and ""lead"" in infant mortality.  "
" ""Senator Menendez said he would spend our money wisely. But our annual national deficit climbed from $250 billion a year to $1.6 trillion on his watch."" "
" ""[A]t his current rate, President Obama will have added more debt to the United State of America by the end of his first term than each of the previous 43 presidents -- combined!"" "
" As Dane County executive, Kathleen Falk raised property taxes by ""millions of dollars every year"" and approved the second highest increase in the state in 2010. "
"a federal judge in San Antonio ""issued a ruling that … not only could the students not pray at their graduation, if they used the word ‘benediction,’ the word ‘invocation,’ the word ‘God,’ asked the audience to stand or asked for a moment of silence, he would put the superintendent in jail."" "
" Oregon House Republicans’ jobs plan could generate more than 50,000 jobs over five years. "
"""The commercial property tax [in Providence] is second highest in the country behind Detroit."" "
" ""Twenty-five or 24 million people"" are ""out of work or stopped looking for work."" "
" ""Nationwide tuition at public universities is up almost 300 percent ... in the last 20 years."" "
" ""91 percent of Latinos support the DREAM Act, which allows undocumented youth to attend college,"" but Marco Rubio opposes it. "
" A bill delaying the start of classes until Labor Day would permit school districts ""to shave 5 full weeks off the school year."" "
" ""President Obama is shrinking our military."" "
" ""If you take into account all the people who are struggling for work, or have just stopped looking, the real unemployment rate is over 15 percent."" "
" Chris Christie ""inherited the highest taxes in America and the worst unemployment in the region."" "
" ""Private prisons do not chase escaped inmates past the perimeter like the public prisons do, which means more escaped prisoners in our communities."" "
" Newt Gingrich ""was fined $300,000 for ethics violations."" "
" Public education has been permanently cut ""by $1.6 billion through changes in the Standards of Quality funding formula."" "
" In the 2011 legislative session, DEQ's budget was cut 18.5 percent — a disproportionate cut compared to other natural resource agencies. "
" New Jersey is ""down nearly 200,000 jobs from its pre-recession peak"" and with Gov. Chris Christie ""New Jersey has trailed the rest of America when it comes to unemployment"" for 12 consecutive months. "
" ""Ohio has one of the highest provisional ballot rates in the country, and many of them go uncounted each election."" "
" ""No candidate has run more negative ads in American history than Barack Obama did in 2008, especially in the general.’’ "
" ""Most women, including 98 percent of Catholic women, have used contraception."" "
 The Georgia Secretary of State's Office and the Georgia State Elections Board investigate and penalize hundreds of people guilty of election fraud. 
" Gov. Scott Walker ""made more than $70 million in cuts to job training programs through (Wisconsin’s) technical colleges."" "
" Gov. Chris Christie’s proposal to reduce state income taxes ""would be the second tax cut for the rich by the governor in two years."" "
" ""we brought crime rate down by 30 percent"" when he was mayor of Dallas. "
" In just a few decades, Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid, other mandatory spending programs, and paying interest due on the debt will eclipse our entire budget. "
" Savannah is home to ""the fastest-growing port in the nation."" "
" ""The national debt is equal to $48,700 for every American or $128,300 for every U.S. household. It is now equivalent to the size of our entire economy."" "
" ""United States of America is twenty-sixth in school performance in the world."" "
" ""We've seen more anti-women's choice bills introduced in the first half of this session than we've seen in the last three General Assemblies."" "
" ""One out of every three automobile fatalities can be attributed to alcohol."" "
" ""We got [the Quonset Business Park] for free and we’re getting zero dollars out of it into the state coffers … other than the fact that it produces the jobs."" "
" U.S. Senate Democrats ""have gone without any budget at all"" for more than 1,000 days. "
" Pennsylvania charges a top income tax rate of 3 percent and Delaware ""has no state income tax at all."" "
" ""Today, for the first time in fifteen years, Master Lock’s unionized plant in Milwaukee is running at full capacity."" "
" Since President Barack Obama took office, ""2 million more Americans are out of work."" "
" ""Unemployment has fallen from 10 percent during the president’s first year in office to 8.5 percent today."" "
" In 1992, Mitt Romney ""gave money to Democrats for Congress.""  "
 the U.S. federal income tax rate was 0 percent until 1913. 
" ""Federal, state and local governments have subsidized the production of the Volt to the tune of estimates between $50,000 and $250,000 per vehicle sold."" "
" ""Sheldon Whitehouse's failure of leadership, the adding of almost $8 trillion in debt in his first full term, is shameful..."" "
"In July 1996, Mitt Romney helped locate the missing teenage daughter of a partner at Bain Capital. "
" with ""Gov. Chris Christie and bipartisan reformers"" New Jersey had ""the most job growth in 11 years."" "
 Christmas trees are grown in all 50 States. 
" ""We wiped out a $3.6 billion deficit without raising taxes."" "
" the New York Giants ""train in New Jersey, they play in New Jersey and most of their players live in New Jersey."" "
" ""Chesterfield has eliminated more positions from its general government operations than the Commonwealth has from the entire state government since (fiscal) 2009.""  "
" ""Congressman Phil Roe hands out $1.3M government check"" from a federal program that ""he voted against."" "
" ""I've never voted for a Democrat when there was a Republican on the ballot."" "
"""We balanced the budget with the 1997 Balanced Budget Act, and ultimately had four consecutive balanced budgets."" "
" ""The U.S. gun homicide rate is 20 times the combined rate of other western nations."" "
 Ohio has 77 job training programs spread across 13 state agencies. 
" ""We have cut crime across every single zone in the city of Atlanta by between 10 percent and 16 percent, depending on the zone."" "
Republican-leaning states get more in federal dollars than they pay in taxes. 
" Nevada is No. 1 in unemployment, violent crime, car theft, divorce, robberies and foreclosures. "
" ""Before this day is out, 18 more veterans will have taken their own lives.  That is the daily average, it is intolerable, and it has to stop.""  "
" ""For the first time in 13 years, our dependence on foreign oil is below 50 percent."" "
" Mitt Romney ""was one of the first national Republican leaders to endorse"" Marco Rubio. "
" Newt Gingrich said ""Spanish is the language of the ghetto."" "
" The United States is no longer ""top nation in the globe on infrastructure,"" having fallen to 15th. "
" ""(Newt Gingrich) voted in favor of establishing the Department of Education, and yet he gets in a debate and says we should get rid of the Department of Education and send all the education issues back to the states."" "
" ""In the last 22 months, businesses have created more than 3 million jobs. Last year, they created the most jobs since 2005."" "
" Wisconsin Democrats during the previous administration adopted ""double-digit tax increases."" "
" ""Right now in Georgia, nearly one in three leaving our prisons are re-convicted within three years."" "
" Sherrod Brown ""has voted with Barack Obama 95 percent of the time."" "
" ""(After the auto bailout) General Motors is back on top as the world’s No. 1 automaker."" "
" ""Right now, American oil production is the highest that it’s been in eight years."" "
 he eliminated an EPA rule that treated spilled milk like it was oil. 
" A typical married couple ""will contribute $119,000"" into Medicare but will ""receive $357,000 in Medicare benefits over their lifetimes.""  "
"""When I was fighting against cap and trade, the speaker was sitting down with Nancy Pelosi on a sofa encouraging it."" "
" ""The median income in this country has declined 10 percent in the last four years."" "
There are 86 languages spoken at Miami Dade College. 
" ""Speaker Gingrich for 20 years supported a federal individual mandate"" for health insurance. "
 Texas does not regulate the appearance of some kinds of imitation firearms sold in Texas. 
" ""Tennessee’s grocery tax is one of the highest in the nation."" "
" ""[N]early one in three primary care doctors are forced to limit the number of Medicare patients they see."" "
" ""We never had an earthquake in Youngstown until John Kasich was elected Governor,"" "
" Newt Gingrich’s contract was with ""the lobbyists at Freddie Mac."" "
" ""We have 25 million Americans out of work."" "
" ""While Romney was a director of the Damon Corporation, the company was defrauding Medicare of millions."" "
" ""And by the way, when I was governor, I did make the payment into the pension fund."" "
" ""Eleven states have enacted these pay-to-play reforms."" "
" ""More than one in five of veterans aged 20 to 24 can’t find a job to support their family or to ease the transition to civilian life."" "
" ""Under this tax cut, middle-class families don't save enough for a week's worth of groceries, while millionaires save enough to go on an exotic vacation."" "
" most states, but not Texas, permit jurors to ask questions of witnesses in trials. "
" 282 Texas school districts have requested emergency waivers to increase elementary school class sizes because of ""unprecedented fiscal challenges."" "
 Suzanne Bonamici supports a plan that will cut choice for Medicare Advantage seniors. 
" ""I didn't inherit money from my parents."" "
" President Obama has ""said he is going to cut veterans' benefits."" "
" Mitt Romney ""put Planned Parenthood on a state medical board but failed to put a pro-life group on the same board."" "
" ""Many types of fish and shellfish from waters across the state are labeled unsafe to eat.""  "
" The planned expansion of Savannah’s port is a ""jobs creating project."" "
" ""One generation ago we led the world in college graduation. We're 16th today."" "
" PolitiFact has said he ""kept a campaign promise to toughen ethics rules.""  "
" ""The top 10 most well-paid CEOs in America received a combined $770 million in 2010, while the average American worker’s wage rose just 2 percent."" "
" ""[Mitt] Romney and [Brendan] Doherty certainly have a lot in common, like flip-flopping on abortion -- in Doherty's case, in a little over a week."" "
" ""In campaigns in the past with Sen. McCain and President George W. Bush and others, they have tended to release tax records in April."" "
" she got unions to agree to ""about $10 million in reduction"" of salaries and health benefits while serving as Dane County executive in Wisconsin. "
" Rick Santorum ""voted to let convicted felons vote."" "
" ""we’ve accomplished balancing two budgets without raising taxes. We’ve now created 60,000 new private-sector jobs. We’ve made government smaller."" "
" ""In 2011, (Debbie) Wasserman Schultz missed 62 congressional votes — one of the worst records of any member of Congress.""  "
"""More people have been put on food stamps by Barack Obama than any president in American history."" "
" ""Republicans are attempting to remove Barack Obama from Georgia’s Presidential Ballot in 2012."" "
" Gov. Bob McDonnell’s budget plan takes ""money out of our classrooms to pave roads."" "
" ""Mayor Barrett saved Milwaukee $25 million, thanks to Gov. Walker’s reforms."" "
" ""In 1958, there were 16 states in this country that prohibited -- prohibited -- an African-American and a Caucasian from being married."" "
"""In Connecticut and New York, students at Achievement First schools consistently outperform city and statewide averages."" "
 Suzanne Bonamici was the only no vote on a 2009 bill cracking down on drunk drivers. 
Federal law prohibits the growing of industrial hemp in the United States. 
" ""My opponent on day one of this campaign attacked me on Medicare and Medicare Advantage and that claim was found to be False."" "
The proposed Keystone XL oil pipeline is a bipartisan proposal. 
 up to a quarter of African Americans don’t have government photo ID. 
" Mitt Romney is worth ""at least a quarter billion dollars"" and the bulk of his wealth ""remains in blind trusts and overseas bank accounts."" "
" a drug test can be performed for ""just $4 or $5."" "
" The education tax burden for Shelby County -- and Tennessee -- is ""one of the lowest in the country."" "
" Barack Obama’s recess appointment of Richard Cordray ""is precisely what then-Sen. Obama claimed would be ‘the wrong thing to do.’"" "
" Mitt Romney is ""tearing down his 3,000-square-foot house to build an 11,000-square-foot house."" "
" ""In 1790, the first Congress, which was packed with framers, required all ship owners to provide medical insurance for seamen; in 1798, Congress also required seamen to buy hospital insurance for themselves. In 1792, Congress enacted a law mandating that all able-bodied citizens obtain a firearm."" "
" ""Opinion polls show that the majority of Americans, and the majority of New Jerseyans, favor marriage equality for same sex couples."" "
" ""More than a quarter of mortgage borrowers are underwater, and 11 percent of all homes are vacant."" "
" ""Five members of [the Common Cause Georgia] board accepted maximum campaign contributions."" "
" that when Republicans held Congress and the presidency, they ""doubled the size of the (U.S.) Department of Education."" "
" ""Since the passage of Obama's stimulus package, over 1 million additional jobs were lost and nearly 25 million Americans are out of work, are stuck in part-time work, or have given up looking.""   "
" ""President Obama has raised taxes 19 times."" "
 the state tax burden per citizen in New York is twice as high as in Florida. 
" ""In the past year, Floridians, not government, created almost 135,000 new private sector jobs. We netted more than 120,000 total jobs in the first 11 months of 2011; the third most of any state in the nation."" "
" ""My recommended budget includes $1 billion in new state funding for education."" "
" ""You can hire lots of bureaucrats.  That’s what the president’s done.  He’s added 135,000 people to the government workforce."" "
" As a result of welfare reform, ""poverty levels went down to the lowest level ever for ... African-American children."" "
" ""We haven't had any legislation which took away one gun in the past 20 years from anybody in this country--not one.""  "
 federal spending has increased 21 percent over the past three years. 
" The EPA was asked about an environmental citation for the city landfill in Nashua, N.H. but ""didn’t know"" why it was cited. "
" ""I delivered a flat tax for my state. I took my state to No. 1 in job creation. With all due respect to what Rick Perry has said about Texas, we did a little bit better."" "
" ""Oregon’s per capita income is 9 percent below the national average and getting worse. This is a state that’s actually getting poorer."" "
 taking millionaires off food stamps and unemployment would save $20 million. 
" ""Our income, our GDP per capita, is almost 50 percent higher than (it is for) the average European."" "
" he ""helped save"" the Olympic games. "
" he’s proposed ""the largest employer contribution to the Virginia Retirement System in history."" "
" President Barack Obama ""put in place historic fuel efficiency standards for cars and trucks to lower costs at the pump and reduce dependence on foreign oil."" "
" Congress gave an unelected board ""the power to deny care to seniors."" "
" ""We are now eighth in the nation in job creation . . . we are No. 1 in the Midwest.""   "
" ""I think with the exception of the last year or maybe the last two years, we were at 100 percent"" when it came to contributing to the Providence pension fund. "
" he lived up to a 2008 promise when he ""closed corporate tax loopholes that were sending profits overseas."" "
" Rick Santorum ""reformed welfare."" "
" ""We don't take a dime from D.C. lobbyists or special-interest PACs -- never have and never will."" "
" Wisconsin’s monthly job reports have a ""margin of error"" of 75 percent and were ""way off"" in eight of first 10 months of 2011. "
" ""Taxpayers earning $1 million pay an effective tax rate that is about four times what taxpayers earning $100,000 pay."" "
 Georgia’s unemployment rate has exceeded the national rate for 50 consecutive months. 
" ""Eighty percent of all U.S. communities depend solely on trucks to deliver and supply the products sold in stores or ordered online."" "
" ""Santorum also voted for a teapot museum in North Carolina."" "
" he has ""been able to attract independents and Democrats to win"" elections in Pennsylvania. "
" ""By the way, I'm not raising tolls 50 percent....Jon Corzine did."" "
 Rick Santorum voted for the Bridge to Nowhere. 
" Enacting the Right-to-Carry Act would amount to ""expanding the rights of sex offenders, terrorists, child predators, and abusers to carry concealed weapons across state lines.’’ "
" constitutional amendment would ""help to stop unfair, double taxation on real estate."" "
" Small businesses ""create 70 percent of the jobs in America."" "
" Say ""in November 2010, voters overwhelmingly supported the idea of creating a (library) district."" "
" ""And, as of today, New Jersey state government has less employees than when Christie Whitman left office in 2001."" "
" ""After filing a lawsuit in Rhode Island, we reached an agreement with state agencies that resulted in more voters being registered in the first full month after our lawsuit than in the entire previous two-year reporting period."" "
" ""Newt balanced the federal budget."" "
" ""Fifty percent of Speaker Gingrich’s tax plan goes to the top 1 percent."" "
" Newt Gingrich ""supports amnesty for illegal immigrants."" "
" ""Florida is considered the fourth-largest gambling state in the nation."" "
" ""As speaker, Gingrich even supported taxpayer funding of some abortions."" "
Ron Paul doesn’t believe in marriage licenses. 
" ""I was one of about a dozen (senators) who voted against the Bridge to Nowhere."" "
" America spends ""over 17 percent of its GDP on health care costs when our closest competitor nations are spending about 12."" "
" ""We have one of the highest percentages per capita of nonprofits in this state of any state in the union."" "
Newt Gingrich aligned with Nancy Pelosi on global warming. 
 Mitt Romney raised business taxes 20 percent in Massachusetts. 
" Joe Biden said Jon Corzine is ""the smartest guy that I know, in terms of the economy and on finance, I really mean this."" "
"Newt Gingrich ""teamed with Nancy Pelosi and Al Gore on global warming."" "
" ""The fact is, over 2.4 million jobs have been lost since the 'Stimulus' bill was signed into law in February of 2009."" "
" ""[E]xcise tax increases drive commerce across state lines."" "
 Oregon canned blueberries will be cheaper in South Korea thanks to a trade agreement. 
" President Obama ""helped more than half a million veterans and military family members go to college through the Post-9/11 G.I. Bill."" "
" ""I've done more impeachments than anybody else in the history of the country."" "
"77 percent ""of Portland's students finish elementary school without taking even one art class."" "
" Newt Gingrich ""made an affirmative statement that he would not only support but he would campaign for Republicans who were in support of the barbaric procedure known as partial-birth abortion."" "
 there have been no cases of wolves killing people in Rocky Mountain states. 
" Nevada has been recently ranked No. 1 in ""unemployment, foreclosures, violent crime, personal bankruptcy and divorce.""  "
"""I never lobbied under any circumstance"" for Freddie Mac. "
" ""Traditionally, presidential candidates release their tax returns . . . Mitt Romney still won’t."" "
 the Obama administration catches and releases nonviolent illegal immigrants. 
" The U.S. economy ""is three times as big as China's."" "
 King Street Patriots held a fundraiser featuring an author who believes that registering the poor to vote is un-American. 
" ""If Congress does not pass the renewal of the payroll tax cut before the end of the year, nearly 160 million working families will see their taxes go up by roughly $1,000."" "
" ""President Obama has increased the federal workforce 192,000 individuals -- about 10 percent since he’s taken office -- while we’ve lost 2 million jobs."" "
" ""(The Opportunity Scholarship Act) would be funded directly from public school budgets. So it would absolutely take money out of the public school system to transfer to private and religious schools."" "
" with Jon Corzine, ""it's the first time, I think, in history where a former Senator has been subpoenaed to testify before his former colleagues."" "
" ""The study of the Savannah River Estuary . . . clearly demonstrates the project can be constructed and [environmental] impacts will be mitigated."" "
" ""Rhode Island already gets more revenue per capita from gambling than any other state in the country."" "
" Sherrod Brown ""has been running for public office since Richard Nixon was president."" "
" Richard Cordray’s nomination to head the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau marks the first time in Senate history ""that a political party has blocked a nomination of someone because they didn't like the construction of the agency."" "
" Newt Gingrich ""has suggested"" building ""a mirror system in space"" could improve the Earth’s habitability. "
" ""They say teachers only make on average in New Jersey 60,000 dollars a year. They only work 180 days."" "
" More Hispanics ""have been elected statewide (in Texas) on the Republican ticket than on the Democratic ticket."" "
 A database police use to look up wanted suspects excludes certain warrants issued by Atlanta Municipal Court. 
" In 1993, Newt Gingrich ""first advocated for the individual mandate in health care. And as recently as May of this year, he was still advocating"" for it. "
" that as Wisconsin governor, ""we ended welfare."" "
" ""our unemployment insurance trust fund is broke. We're over a billion dollars in debt to the federal government."" "
 Suzanne Bonamici votes with her party a partisan 98 percent of the time. 
" ""[Former Georgia congressman] Bob Barr voted ... to raise his own pay."" "
" IBM leader told Obama that using IBM technology to cut fraud could ""pay for"" health care reform. "
" ""Ohio’s Planned Parenthood operations received millions of taxpayer dollars via federal grants in 2010 and 2011."" "
" The national debt increased $16,000 every second George Allen served in the U.S. Senate. "
" The United States ""is number one in the world in energy resources; Russia is number two.""   "
25 percent of Oregonians oppose the death penalty. 
" ""Most of, if not all of, the [DeKalb school construction] projects always came in on or were under budget."" "
 Newt Gingrich is responsible for the gridlocked politics of Washington. 
" ""Last year we spent more than $40 billion on highways. And Lord knows we need that. But that's more than we spent on Amtrak in its entire 40-year history.""  "
 the unemployment rate for college graduates is 4.4 percent and over 10 percent for noncollege-educated. 
" ""More than half of the people on food stamps today are children."" "
 military expenditures for the United States are greater than the combined spending of the next 14 largest nations. 
 he followed state law and the precedent of other Massachusetts governors when he erased electronic communications as he left office. 
" The balanced-budget amendment once came within one vote of passing Congress but was defeated because of the no vote from a top Senate Republican, and Rick Santorum says he ""stood up and called for him to resign his chairmanship."" "
" In Iraq, ""violence is down to an all-time low"" since the start of the war. "
"""Eighty percent of the net new jobs created in the state of Texas since 2009 went to the foreign-born."" "
" Newt Gingrich’s immigration plan offers ""a new doorway to amnesty."" "
" It’s legal to ""sign a recall petition (against Gov. Scott Walker) even if you have already signed another recall petition,"" but only one signature counts   "
" ""(Chris Christie) has not paid one dollar of state money into our pension system, and then states that the system is broke."" "
 Barack Obama promised to halve the deficit in his first term.   
" For ""the average middle-class family, your taxes today are lower than when I took office."" "
" ""out of 588 school districts, we give 31 (former Abbott) districts 70 percent of the aid."" "
" ""President Obama's recent plan to cut $100 million of waste within his administration won't actually save money because he's going to spend it elsewhere."" "
" ""A part-time Congress with half the pay would still make $38,000 a year more than the average American family."" "
" the federal stimulus program was ineffective because ""the number of jobs has actually decreased by 18,300 through July 2011."" "
" In Pennsylvania, President Barack Obama’s policies have increased unemployment 19 percent, led to the loss of 37,900 manufacturing jobs, and left 189,000 more people in poverty. "
Mitt Romney has said different things about whether global warming is caused by humans 
" U.S. Sen. Bill Nelson ""voted with the Democrats in Congress nearly 95 percent of the time."" "
" Georgia is one of seven states to lose jobs in 2011 and has lost 8,200 jobs so far. "
 Mitt Romney flip-flopped on a taxpayer protection pledge. 
 Mitt Romney has flip-flopped on his support for President Reagan’s policies. 
 Mitt Romney flip-flopped on an assault weapons ban. 
" ""We have had some significant accomplishments on a bipartisan basis."" "
 Mitt Romney flip-flopped on abortion. 
" In Chile ""they have 72 percent of the GDP in savings."" "
" ""We have the second highest corporate tax rate among our trading partners."" "
" ""By fiscal year 2013, the state is expected to wipe through [HOPE scholarship] reserve funds."" "
" ""Since Obama took office, a net of 540,000 additional black Americans – Obama’s strongest supporters – have lost their jobs.""  "
" In Rhode Island, ""only 5 percent of ozone pollution is from local or in-state sources. . . Ninety-five percent comes from outside of our borders, particularly the Midwest."" "
" she ""brought together business, labor and hospitals to give 94,000 Oregon children health care."" "
 The U.S. would gain revenue by cutting personal income tax rates in half and ending tax breaks. 
" Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker ""slashed"" pensions and benefits for public employees. "
" ""Currently it costs more than a penny for the U.S. Mint to make a one cent coin and more than a nickel to make the five cent piece."" "
" U.S. Rep. Connie Mack ""voted to raise his own pay several times."" "
" ""we’re losing one voter every 13 minutes."" "
" A recall election for Wisconsin governor would cost ""$7.7 million -- $7.7 million that may already be allocated to merit raises for teachers or health care for the poor or school books for your kids."" "
" Apple CEO Steve Jobs told President Obama that the company moved factories to China because it needed 30,000 engineers. "
" ""When you sanction the Iranian central bank, that will shut down (Iran's) economy."" "
 she helped lead the launch of curbside recycling.
" ""House Republicans are ramming through legislation ... to classify pizza as a 'vegetable' for the purpose of school lunches.""  "
" Rick Perry ""proposed a binational health insurance program with Mexico."" "
 1 percent of Americans are millionaires. 47 percent of House Reps. are millionaires. 56 percent of Senators are millionaires. 
" ""(Stimulus money) went to critically important projects like studying ants in Africa."" "
" A Republican-led softening of firearms training rules means that ""untrained individuals"" would be allowed to carry guns with a state permit.   "
" ""When the national debt reaches $15 trillion, it means that U.S. debt-to-GDP ratio will reach 99.7 percent of our debt and this is $47,900 for every living American."" "
" A DeKalb sewer project ""will create up to 4,000 direct jobs per year at peak production, many of which will be set aside exclusively for DeKalb residents."" "
" ""The American healthcare system burns 18 percent of our national GDP. Nobody else is close."" "
 Twenty percent of housing in Portland’s Pearl District is ‘affordable.’ 
" ""The median income of a middle class family went down $2,100 from 2001 to 2007."" "
" ""51 percent of federal tax filers paid zero federal income tax."" "
" Solyndra ""had robots that whistled Disney songs. I'm not kidding."" "
" The loan guarantee program that helped Solyndra ""was a program that was supported by President Bush."" "
" ""One-third of our college grads leave Ohio within three years."" "
" ""41 cents out of every dollar (the U.S. spends) is borrowed from places like China."" "
" After losing 750,000 jobs a month before this administration, the U.S. economy under Barack Obama has had 20 straight months of growth, has added 2.8 million jobs in the private sector and added ""millions of jobs in manufacturing."" "
" ""Torture is illegal by our laws. It's illegal by international laws."" "
" ""[A]n extra 8 million Americans [are] projected to join state Medicaid programs in the next few years."" "
" ""The governor won this state with 49 percent. We had some of the closest races in the House in history. So you’re not dealing with this 70-30, like they want to make it."" "
" ""By 2014, there will be one administrator for every teacher on college campuses in the United States."" "
" Under a Wisconsin bill, ""minor offenses such as violating pet leash laws, seat belt laws, parking infractions, etc., would now be arrestable offenses."" "
 Georgia has had ʺmore bank failures than any other state.ʺ 
" ""We cut a record $15 billion from our state budget."" "
" ""Ronald Reagan raised the national debt 18 times."" "
" Solar and wind energy are ""both cheaper than nuclear right now."" "
" In April 2009 ""the Democrats were in control, and the congressional (approval) rating was 40 percent."" "
" ""In Wisconsin, Gov. Scott Walker has created a manufacturing-led jobs recovery. 30,000 new jobs were created this year, with 15,000 created in the struggling manufacturing sector."" "
" ""No other public or private business in America"" except for the U.S. Postal Service must fund 100 percent of employee retirement and retirement health costs in advance. "
" Ilana Shafran Mandel’s stake in Forest City Enterprises ""constitutes significantly less than 1 percent"" of the company’s shares and any implication of a conflict of interest ""is legally incorrect."" "
" ""The unemployment rate among (the) non-college-educated is well into the double digits in America. It's 4 percent or 5 percent for people who have college degrees."" "
"Under President Barack Obama, ""more Americans are in poverty ... than at any time since the Census Bureau began keeping records on it over 50 years ago."" "
" ""The Confederate battle flag never flew over Texas, but... you might soon see it on our license plates."" "
" In Georgia, ""hard-earned lottery dollars are doled out to the scion[s] of wealthy families."" "
" ""The problem with invasive species today in the Great Lakes isn’t ballast water."" "
" ""Today 46 percent of all Floridians owe more on their home than it is worth."" "
" Mitt Romney ""is committed to overturning Roe vs. Wade, and he supports such amendments that define a life as beginning at the moment of conception."" "
" The United States sends ""$300 billion -- half our trade deficit -- overseas for oil to unstable and unfriendly regimes."" "
"""This is a test of the Share the Facts widget.""     "
" ""A couple retiring today will pay about $119,000 in lifetime Medicare taxes and receive about $357,000 in lifetime Medicare benefits. ... about 3 bucks in benefits for every dollar in taxes."" "
" ""People are five to seven times more likely to be murdered in workplaces that allow firearms than in those that prohibit it."" "
" ""The average homeowner spends more than $2,000 each year on energy costs – more than on either real estate taxes or homeowners insurance."" "
" ""Every day in the United States, we are losing 15 factories."" "
" ""over the last 48 years, every governor at the midterm of his first term or her first term has lost seats in the Legislature, with the exception of Jim McGreevey in 2003."" "
 Mitt Romney has flip-flopped on abortion rights. 
" if elected, he would be the first Mayor who lives east of 82nd. "
" In Libya, ""America spent $2 billion total and didn’t lose a single life."" "
" the giant African land snail ""carries human meningitis."" "
" ""Because of Barack Obama the mission in Iraq ended."" "
" Under a law proposed by Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, businesses that move into Wisconsin ""don't have to pay any taxes"" on their income for two years. "
" Proposition 2 on November’s Texas ballot ""does not cost state taxpayers any money."" "
 Mitt Romney flip-flopped on gun control. 
" ""Because of Barack Obama 32 million new people will have healthcare."" "
 Mitt Romney flip-flopped on abortion. 
" some Wisconsin state employee contracts ""gave some employees $4 for bringing in their own lunch."""
" ""Essex County residents suffer the second highest property taxes in the nation."""
" Attacks on Planned Parenthood ""come at a time when the poverty rate among women is the highest in nearly two decades and 1 in 5 women under 65 don’t have access to health care."" "
" Mitt Romney’s housing policy is, ""Don’t try and stop the foreclosure process. Let it run its course and hit the bottom."""
 the main Central Texas food bank is delivering 50 percent more food to the poor than three years ago.
" ""The collective net worth of Americans has taken a $5.5 trillion hit ... mainly due to plummeting home values."""
" ""Clackamas County has more urban renewal debt than all the other Oregon counties combined."""
" ""The Christian Coalition gave (Adam) Hasner an F."""
" Wisconsin’s concealed-carry permit rules demand more proof than other states that safety training requirements are met, rendering ""all existing (training) certificates insufficient"" as part of the permit application  "
" ""We are the poster child for compliance, and whenever we discover possible infractions we resolve and report it to the NCAA no matter how minor the violations."""
" ""After I had resigned or announced my resignation, I abolished -- I prohibited pay-to-play for people that had county or state contracts."""
" for every dollar the state spent on audits last year, it delivered $64 in cost savings."
" ""1.53 million jobs are at risk (from potential defense cuts)."" "
" Rick Perry wrote a newspaper item saying he was ""open to amnesty"" for illegal immigrants in the United States."
 adding toll lanes on I-95 in Broward County improved rush-hour traffic for non-toll lanes from 25 mph to 45 mph.
" The STAR Ohio fund ""just received the highest possible credit rating one of these funds can receive."""
" Texas unemployment is dire in various ways such as a doubling in the jobless rate during Rick Perry's governorship. Also, the Texas rate has increased faster than the national rate during Barack Obama's presidency."
" judges ""get better benefits at a lower cost than everybody else in the state."""
" ""For each $1 billion in infrastructure investment, 42,000 jobs are created."""
" ""After every major conflict ... what happened was that we ultimately hollowed out the force, largely by doing deep, across-the-board cuts."" "
" it wasn't until he and a Senate colleague were able to ""wrangle the actual streaming video"" from BP that scientists were able to calculate the oil spill flow."
" ""In Texas, we created over 1 million new jobs while the rest of the nation lost over 2 million."""
" ""In 2008, when Flint had 265 sworn officers on their police force, there were 35 murders and 91 rapes in this city. In 2010, when Flint had only 144 police officers, the murder rate climbed to 65, and rapes … climbed to 229."""
" Every month since 9/11, there have been as many suicide attacks against the United States and its allies as there were in all the years leading up to 9/11."
" 24 million people in this country ""can't find a full-time job,"" 50 million ""can't see a doctor when they're sick,"" 47 million people need government help to feed themselves and 15 million families owe more than the value of their home."
" ""if you are shot in the city of Newark, you have over an 80 percent chance that you've been arrested before an average of 10 times."""
" ""During Sherrod Brown’s past decade as a D.C. politician, more than one out of every four jobs that has left America, left from Ohio. ... Sherrod Brown will own these horrendous Ohio job numbers next year."" "
" ""During Sherrod Brown’s past decade as a D.C. politician, more than one out of every four jobs that has left America, left from Ohio. ... Sherrod Brown will own these horrendous Ohio job numbers next year."""
" ""During my tenure as governor, Wisconsin’s overall tax burden went DOWN."""
" ""This is the first time in our state, and one of the first times in the country, where benefit reductions . . . has happened to people who are retired."""
" ""Our president has labeled Americans as soft."""
" ""My son had to resign his job because of federal regulations that Washington has put on us."""
" Anthropology is a STEM (science, technology, engineering, math) field."
" ""Romneycare was model for Obamacare."""
" his proposed payroll tax cut ""will mean an extra $1,500 in your pocket compared to if we do nothing."""
" ""these ‘Jersey Shore’ folks, they’re from New York."""
" ""About 57 percent of registered Democrats in the new (9th Congressional) district come from my old district."""
" ""Nearly half of all pregnancies in the U.S. are unintended."""
" President Obama’s uncle and aunt ""are illegal aliens ...  who've been allowed to stay in this country."""
 Slot machines in Miami-Dade and Broward counties have generated 20 percent of the promised $500 million per year for schools. 
" Even a 100 percent tax on millionaires would only fund four months of government operations, failing to seriously address budget deficits and debt."
" ""We buy 35 percent of all Chinese exports."""
" more than 1 million Texans are jobless, the state has its highest unemployment rate in more than 20 years and joblessness doubled on Rick Perry’s watch."
" ""New Jersey's poverty rate has increased since this governor took office and the number of New Jerseyans without health insurance has risen."""
" ""Over the last several years, 40 percent (of) the jobs created in Texas were created for illegal aliens."""
" ""A Cornell University research study concludes that ethanol generates a 29 percent energy loss, meaning it takes more than a gallon of gasoline to produce a gallon of ethanol."""
 David Dewhurst accused Cruz of being a Red Chinese Communist.
" ""Since 1970, the Clean Air Act has reduced toxic and health-threatening air pollution by 60 percent while our economy has grown more than 200 percent."""
" ""The city of Columbus would save $41 million a year if employees had to contribute to their own, guaranteed-check pensions."""
" ""When we got the income tax in 1913, the top rate was 7 percent. By 1980, the top rate was 70 percent."""
" Between 2000 and 2010, the illegal immigrant population of Texas increased by 60 percent, while California and Florida had ""no increase."""
" ""The people in Massachusetts like (the state health care plan) by about a 3-1 margin."""
" ""Just a little over 60 percent of your electric bill, my electric bill, 60 percent of that is pass-throughs, whether they be for building of nuclear plants or whatever they may be."" A planned nuclear plant repair ""will only increase that percentage."""
" The health care law was ""a 2,733-page bill! . . . No amendments!"""
" ""94 percent of winning candidates in 2010 had more money than their opponents."""
 Republicans want to cut education by 25 percent.
" ""The (Florida) casino proposed by Malaysian gambling conglomerate Genting would be nearly double the size of the largest casino in the world."" "
" The Milwaukee County sheriff’s department  ""plays only a limited role as a traditional law enforcement agency"" and in 2009 reported far fewer crimes to the FBI than the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee police did."
" the reforms in state Issue 2 ""will save taxpayer dollars"""
" ""The proudest accomplishment (of my tenure) was leaving the state with a $1.2 billion surplus, which was the largest we’d ever had, and getting spending under control and a balanced budget.""  "
"""Under Governor Almond the RI DMV had a program that allowed undocumented [people to] use their Personal Tax Identification Number . . . to apply [for] and receive a RI driver’s license."" "
" Democrats raised taxes over 115 times in the past 10 years, ""making New Jersey increasingly unaffordable and chasing jobs to neighboring states."""
 Rick Perry increased spending in Texas by more than 50 percent.
" ""According to Wikipedia, there are only five countries in the entire planet that are more unequal than the United States in the distribution of our wealth."""
" Wisconsin bill ""grants drug companies and medical device manufacturers immunity from injuries and deaths caused by their products."""
" ""Current projections indicate that Medicare will go bankrupt by 2017, while Social Security will bottom out by 2037."""
" When George W. Bush was governor of Texas, ""the percentage uninsured went down."" Under his successor, Rick Perry, ""it's gone up."""
" The poverty rate for families in which a husband and a wife work is 5 percent, but in families headed by one person … ""it's 30 percent today."""
" he never called teachers ""thugs"" and has said nothing but ""great things"" about them during the fight over his curbs on unions"
" U.S. Senate candidate Adam Hasner ""cited his efforts to weaken pro-life and school choice legislation as unequivocal proof that he’s a moderate."""
 Rick Perry co-chaired Al Gore’s campaign for president.
" Massachusetts has ""less than 1 percent of our kids that are uninsured. You (Gov. Perry) have a million kids uninsured in Texas."""
" ""We just can’t afford to pay 100 percent of government employee benefits."""
" ""I created a flat tax in the state of Utah. It took that state to the number-one position in terms of job creation."""
" he ""came to the Republican Party sooner in age"" than Ronald Reagan."
" ""Our government right now. . . (is) spending 40 percent more than what we take in."""
" ""More than 25 million Americans are unemployed. More than 50 million live without health insurance. Perhaps 100 million live in poverty."""
" that ""In 2009, I saved ratepayers around $500 million by persuading the Council to pursue a less expensive compliance mechanism if the City is required to treat Bull Run drinking water."""
" U.S. unemployment among people ages 16 to 24 is ""18.4 percent, which is a 60-year high."""
" Rick Perry ""supported a guest worker program to help people who would otherwise be illegal aliens."""
" Coca-Cola’s CEO ""said he finds it easier to do work in China than in the United States."" "
" ""We have the highest corporate tax rate in the world. It’s 35 percent."""
" ""Health care is the greatest contribution to spending increases in the state budget."""
" ""Every month, another 50,000 U.S.-born Hispanics turn 18 and become eligible to vote.""  "
" The Arab Spring … ""drove up gas prices."""
" ""Not a single banker, a CEO from Wall Street, anyone from corporate America — nobody, (there was) not one arrest of any of these people who brought down the economy in 2008."""
" ""Legally, it doesn't make any difference"" which state district you live in when running for Congress."
" ""Today, you have six financial institutions, the largest six, that have assets that are the equivalent of 60 percent of the GDP of the United States of America."""
" ""We have a $2 trillion to $3 trillion infrastructure deficit. We’ve got work that needs to get done. We’ve got people that want to go to work."""
" Gov. Chris Christie ""cut spending (by) $1 billion"" and provided ""$850 million in new education funding."""
" ""The typical white male worker in this country is making in real terms what he was making in 1973"" and ""the average worker is making what they were making in 1996."""
" that to drive the length of the newly drawn 15th District ""you’d find yourself on the road as long as it would take to drive from Columbus to Niagara Falls."""
" ""A family of four can make up to $88,000 a year and still get a subsidy for health insurance"" under the new federal health care law."
" ""New Jersey's unemployment is significantly lower than it was when I got here. And we've created 50,000 new private sector jobs in the last 20 months after having lost 117,000 in the year before I got here."""
" that in 2001, Rick Perry spoke favorably of binational health insurance between Mexico and Texas."
" ""Last year, Korea sold nearly half a million cars in our country. ... The United States, you know how much we sell to them? Six thousand. What kind of deal is that?"""
" ""My home state since June of 2009 created 40 percent of the new jobs in America."""
 David Dewhurst skipped nine candidate forums after announcing his U.S. Senate candidacy.
" Chris Christie has not been ""effective at creating jobs … (or have) a record of governing for effectiveness. ... New Jersey (has) one of the higher unemployment rates in the country at 9.4 percent."""
" ""We have 80,000 abortions in Texas every year."" "
" ""When it comes to being effective at creating jobs … (Chris Christie has not had) a record of governing for effectiveness. ... Last year, New Jersey created no net new jobs."""
" ""Every year air pollution protections are delayed, another 34,000 people will die prematurely."""
" Tommy Thompson ""pushed such strict laws that abortion providers faced potential life imprisonment and women were forced to cross state lines in order to receive attention for life-threatening issues."""
" ""We’re. . . keeping and creating jobs in our state. From American Greetings, to Wendy’s, to Diebold, we’ve gone to their doorsteps to keep jobs right here in Ohio."""
" ""If our recovery were more typical of the postwar era . . . we would have 14 million more jobs today."""
" his administration balanced ""two budgets with over $13 billion in deficits without raising taxes."""
 the private sector in Texas created 1 million jobs over the past decade.
" ""President Obama has declared disasters in 48 of 50 states this year."""
 Members of the public are being charged $50 to hear Gov. Scott Walker and a dozen members of his administration talk about jobs and the economy at Lambeau Field.
" ""We have had over 40 days this summer where it was unsafe to breathe the air."""
" Because of Jim Whelan, ""the 1990s are the only decade since the 1920s when the population of Atlantic City actually went up."""
" The Postal Service’s financial losses result from ""a 2006 law that drains $5 billion a year from post office revenue, while the Postal Service is forced to overpay billions more into federal accounts."""
" ""It costs more money to put a person on death row than it does to lock them up for the rest of their lives because of attorney fees."""
 only four Texas legislators voted against a law giving in-state tuition rates to certain illegal immigrants.
Texas wildfires are linked to climate change. 
" The federal government is spending $46,000 a year per family (or group of four) and could balance its budget by dropping that to $30,000."
" that illegal immigrants get a $100,000 break on University of Texas tuition over four years."
" ""The Fed created $1.2 trillion out of nothing, gave it to banks, and some of them foreign banks, so that they could stabilize their operations."""
" ""A construction worker who’s making $50 or $60 grand a year shouldn’t be paying higher tax rates than the guy who’s making $50 million a year. And that’s how it’s working right now."""
" ""At nearly 19 million people, the population of Florida is larger than all the earlier primary and caucus states combined."""
" ""We have 10,000 baby boomers retiring every day."""
" ""as a share of the US economy, the government’s support for research and development (R&D) has fallen by nearly two-thirds since the 1960s."""
" ""The water quality in the ocean is perfect. It’s been tested up and down every ocean shore in New Jersey."""
 Texas’ unemployment rate has doubled on Rick Perry’s watch.
 the Panhandle has had its highest-ever bed tax collections in 2011.
" Toledo Mayor ""Mike Bell (once) lost his job as a firefighter because his city ran out of money."""
 The city of Atlanta has either the highest or second-highest average water bills in the country.
" Rick Perry ""provided in-state tuition... for illegal immigrants."""
"the United States has the highest incarceration rate in the world with 2.3 million inmates, and the majority of Americans are imprisoned because they sold small amounts of drugs. "
" Obama's position on nuclear arms is a ""march toward global zero."""
" ""New Jersey’s $1 billion horse racing industry … employs 13,000 individuals and ensures the preservation of 176,000 acres of horse farmland."""
" ""In 1976, the first year that Pell Grants were fully funded, a full Pell Grant paid 72 percent of the cost of attendance at a typical four-year public college. Today, a full Pell Grant covers just 34 percent of those costs."
" ""In the month of July alone, EU exports to South Korea increased by over 36 percent. A lot of that is our market share. Those are our farmers and our service providers who are suffering."""
"""Since 1995, the top 400 wealthiest families have seen their incomes go up 400 percent and their tax rates go down 40 percent."" "
 he did not support the October 2008 legislation to rescue Wall Street firms.
" ""[The state ethics commission] took absolutely the same percent of cuts as most other state agencies. … They were somewhere in the 7 percent range – same as the governor’s office."""
" that  in the recent year homeowners across Ohio have signed mineral rights agreements ""and I understand that over a billion dollars worth of leases have been signed to date."""
 More private-sector jobs were created in the second year of the Obama administration than in the eight years of the Bush administration.
"""Poverty among Americans 65 and over is statistically unchanged"" in recent years because of Social Security. "
"One Wisconsin school district ""is so worried about losing state funding that it has stopped giving milk to elementary school kids during snack time."" "
" New Jersey is ""losing 50 football fields of open space to development every day and the more we develop upstream the more flooding we have downstream."""
" ""The average state pension, including managers, is $23,000 a year; and just $14,000 for local government workers."""
 Oregon ranks 43rd in education. 
" an amendment specifying when military members may use deadly force ""does nothing to change existing rules of engagement for American service members."""
" ""Ten years ago the Austin Water Utility used a total of 240.3 million gallons. Every summer since then our peak day of water use has been lower."""
" Under President Barack Obama’s jobs bill, states would no longer have to lay off teachers, firefighters and police officers."
" Hurricane ""Irene was the second-largest storm to hit North America in terms of power outages -- and the first hurricane to make landfall in New Jersey since 1904.""  "
"Under President Barack Obama’s jobs bill, ""you can sue if you are unemployed and don't get the job and think you weren't hired because you are unemployed."" "
" ""$360 million of our tax dollars went straight to ... the Taliban."""
"The U.S. military ""is in 130 countries. We have 900 bases around the world."" "
" ""170,000 of the jobs"" created in Texas under Gov. Rick Perry ""were government jobs."""
"Mitt Romney ""drove to Canada with the family dog Seamus strapped to the roof of the car."" "
" ""In terms of the wealthiest Americans, we're at the lowest tax rate since the 1950s."""
" ""Gov. Kasich and the Republican-dominated legislature have foregone the popular option of closing tax loopholes that amount to $7 billion annually in this state."""
" ""Today, when people retire in Galveston County, Texas, they retire making at least 50 percent more than they would ever get out of Social Security."""
" that in his book, Rick Perry said that ""Social Security is unconstitutional."""
" ""In writing his book, Gov. Perry pointed out that … by any measure Social Security has been a failure."""
" ""One international flight a day in a wide-bodied jet ... one flight daily generates $150 million a year and approximately 2,300 jobs."""
" 600,000 to 700,000 government workers have been laid off in the last year and a half"
" The Republican-controlled Wisconsin Assembly approved ""only one out of 376 amendments offered by Assembly Democrats"" in 2011."
" ""When you look at what we have done over the last decade, we created 1 million jobs in the state of Texas. At the same time, (the rest of) America lost 2.5 million."""
" ""Over the past 10 years, the number of people living in Lower Manhattan has nearly doubled. In fact, Lower Manhattan has added more people over the last 10 years than Atlanta, Dallas and Philadelphia combined."""
" ""Mike Trainor...still owes $250,000 to the state."""
"Thomas Jefferson expressed ""strong support"" for a balanced budget amendment in 1798. "
" Democratic U.S. Senate candidate Tammy Baldwin ranks ""as the most liberal member of the House."""
" ""Issue 2 makes it illegal for us to negotiate for enough firefighters to do the job."""
" ""Two days of interest we pay to China is enough to buy one joint strike fighter [jet]."""
" ""Michael Dukakis created jobs three times faster"" than Mitt Romney."
" Since Rick Perry became governor, ""Texas has gone from 46th in the country to 50th in the population that graduates from high school."""
" ""The day President Obama took office, gasoline was $1.79 a gallon."""
" Utah was ""the No. 1 job creator in this country during my years of service"" as governor, with a 5.9 percent increase in jobs."
" Sherrod Brown ""has stood side by side"" with President Barack Obama, presiding ""over the most rapid increase in the debt over the last 2.5 years"" and hurtling toward "" the worst jobs record in the modern era."""
 the U.S. Department of Homeland Security must report to about 100 congressional committees and subcommittees.
" ""This year, the Blackstone Valley Mayoral Academy became the first public school in Rhode Island history to have 100 percent of its elementary-age students proficient in reading on state assessments."""
" ""Republicans fought to protect tax loopholes for corporations that send our jobs overseas."""
" Rick Perry ""was the (campaign) chairman for Al Gore at one time, not too many years ago."""
" ""Governor (Perry), you were a Democrat, having worked for Al Gore as his campaign manager..."""
" ""We [the city of Atlanta] are overbuilt on housing."""
" the federal government is ""the largest energy user in the country."""
" Jon Huntsman supports changes in Medicare that would deny guaranteed benefits to 980,000 New Hampshire residents."
" that 500,000 federal workers -- one-fourth of the federal workforce -- make more than $100,000 a year."
" A bipartisan payroll tax cut championed by the White House has meant that ""the average family has an extra $1,000 in their pocket"" this year."
" Rail ""doesn’t do a great job in lessening traffic."""
" ""I became a Republican sooner in my life than"" Ronald Reagan did in his."
" The United States ""won every major battle"" of the Vietnam War. ""Every single one."""
" ""Point Pleasant Beach does not own its beaches; they are privately owned and operated by businesses such as Jenkinson’s"""
" ""New Jersey's public school students have the best Advanced Placement scores in the nation."""
" Takes credit for ""substantially reducing the size of the state workforce."""
"that when President Obama visited El Paso, he ""pronounced that the border with Mexico and the United States was safer than it ever was in history."" "
" ""H.B. 194, the Voter Suppression Bill, invalidates a vote where a voter properly marks the ballot in support of a particular candidate, but also writes in the name of that same candidate."""
"""The ratio of corporate profits to wages is now higher than at any time since just before the Great Depression."" "
"""In (Sen. Marco) Rubio's state of Florida alone, Social Security lifts more than -- count it -- a million people out of poverty."" "
" A national study of 2,500 charter schools shows that ""maybe 20 percent do better than the community public schools, 40 percent or so do worse and the rest are not having any significant difference."""
" ""The United States is the No. 1 country in the world for energy resources. … We are the king daddy dogs when it comes to energy."""
" potential GOP U.S. Senate candidate Tommy Thompson supported ""Obamacare"""
" Congressional Budget Office ""says 8 (percent) unemployment till 2014!"""
 People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals estimates 200 animals will be spared annually as the result of former President Bill Clinton adopting a vegan diet.
" ""The health insurance plan that (members of Congress) have is no different than any other federal employee's in the United States government."""
" ""We've had 11,000 attempts to amend the Constitution since 1789."""
" Every 1 percent increase in the number of Ohioans with bachelor’s degrees ""means economic activity growing the next year and for each year thereafter (by) $2.5 billion dollars."""
" ""As governor, [Mitt Romney] balanced the budget without raising taxes and created jobs."""
" the national debt and President Barack Obama's ""refusal to control spending led to our nation's credit rating being downgraded for the first time in history."""
" Gov. Rick Scott ""is trying to get a waiver under the federal health care law that would deny consumers in Florida the right to the $60 million in rebates they have from their own HMOs."""
" ""The estimated savings of this (debt ceiling) deal only pay for half of the cost of extending all of the Bush-era tax cuts for another decade."""
" ""Rooting for the Red Sox is like rooting for the drug companies."""
" Rick Perry ""has advocated abandoning Social Security, scuttling Medicaid and ending the federal income tax."""
 the majority of Americans support gay marriage.
" The Central Falls fire department is ""one of the lowest, if not the lowest, paid fire departments in the state and entire region."""
" ""The United States death rate is two-and-a-half times higher for those who do not have a high school education."""
" ""Before Medicare, only 51 percent of Americans 65 and older had health care coverage and nearly 30 percent lived below the poverty line. Today, thanks to Medicare ... nearly all seniors have coverage and 75 percent fewer struggle in poverty."""
" ""We rank below Ethiopia, I'm told, in terms of our exports per capita, well below any of the other developed countries we trade with, and well below China and (South) Korea."""
" enrolling a student in a subsidized lunch program triggers an ""at risk"" designation, resulting in an extra $6,000 to $7,000 of state school aid per student."
" ""When Social Security first started, there was 16 workers for every retiree. Today there are three workers for every retiree and soon there will be only two for every retiree."""
" ""One in four Texans lacks health insurance, the highest proportion in the nation."""
"""Over the last four years, 53 percent of black wealth has just disappeared."" "
" that before Rick Perry became governor, ""only 4 percent of our total labor force was a minimum wage job ... Today, that number has more than doubled (to) 9.5 percent."""
" ""When lenders foreclose on homes, they typically suffer losses that exceed 30 percent of the value of the home."""
" ""under our current sentencing laws, about 75 percent of all convicted felons in Oregon do not go to prison."""
" ""Recent international reports show the United States near the bottom among industrialized nations for k-12 academic achievement."""
" ""Last year -- actually, this year in May -- we saw New Jersey Transit fares rise anywhere from 25 percent to 47 percent."""
" ""We’re losing almost 6,000 state jobs."""
Gov. Rick Scott cut state funding for PBS. 
" that Wall Street hedge fund managers ""pay a lower tax rate than does a sheet metal worker in Parma or a school teacher in Cleveland."""
" The proposed transportation bill ""could be the largest tax increase in Georgia history."""
" ""Since I introduced my budget -- first budget -- in March of 2010, we've created 50,000 new private-sector jobs for the people of this state."""
" Outside of recall elections, ""there's never been a public official removed from office"" in Wisconsin ""for anything but malfeasance in office."""
" ""Hair stylists are required to undergo more government scrutiny than foreclosure consultants."""
" China is or soon will be ""the largest English-speaking nation"" in the world."
" There are 500 million Internet users ""and 80 million bloggers who are driving discussions in China. … So you’ve got a lot of people voicing frustration and discontent."""
" allowing the payroll tax holiday to expire would end up ""costing another estimated 900,000 jobs in 2012."""
" The ""mega-rich"" pay about 15 percent in taxes, while the middle class ""fall into the 15 percent and 25 percent income tax brackets, and then are hit with heavy payroll taxes to boot."""
" ""I started with a $3.7 billion budget deficit. Now we are projecting a $1.2 billion surplus."""
" U.S. debt is ""now equal to 100 percent of the GDP."""
" he worked with the Democratic legislature to balance spending with revenues so that ""at the end of my four-year term, the rainy day fund was established at more than $2 billion."""
" ""Josh Mandel used to be pro-choice, now he’s anti-choice. He used to be sympathetic towards gay and lesbians and now he’s [not]."""
"""The governor having a meeting ... isn't covered by the open meetings act."" "
" ""Twenty-five states have lower unemployment than Texas"" which is ""tied with Mississippi for more minimum-wage jobs than anywhere in the United States."""
" Tax increases could ""come into play"" as a result of the debt ceiling deal."
" the state’s pension and health benefits reform includes ""the destruction of public sector collective bargaining rights."""
" ""of the 2,000 Portland households in the year-long (composting) pilot, 87 percent of participants reported being satisfied with the overall system."""
 a poll found him the only Republican candidate who could beat Barack Obama in Texas -- and by eight points.
"""Certainly we're going to be the most restrictive state in the land … in terms of who can get medical marijuana, how it will be prescribed and how it will be achieved in terms of moving it into the marketplace."" "
" that under President John F. Kennedy, ""government took up"" 27 percent of the economy, and today it ""consumes 37 percent."""
" Republican recall challenger Jonathan Steitz ""failed to pay his taxes.""  "
" ""We created a flat tax in the state of Utah."""
" ""Obamacare was patterned after (Mitt Romney's) plan in Massachusetts."""
" GOP recall challenger Kim Simac ""was delinquent paying her property taxes eight of the last nine years."""
" There are cities and counties in Georgia that don’t have websites, and where elected officials don’t have email addresses."
" ""One in every five families in the state of New Jersey has a loved one with a mental illness, a serious mental illness, and today, we don’t care."" "
" that voter identification laws ""keep poor people from voting, minorities from voting, the elderly from voting, students from voting."""
" ""George LeMieux voted against the majority of Republicans and joined with Democrats to create a 'Task Force For Responsible Fiscal Action' that looks strikingly similar to the 'Super Committee' now being set up in Washington to justify massive tax hikes."""
" ""We’re only spending 2 percent of our GDP on our infrastructure, while China and India are spending 10 percent of their GDP reinvesting back into their country.""  "
" ""I built the last nuclear plant — not only in the state, but in the country."""
" The United States has ""the longest surviving constitution."""
" Adam Hasner’s record includes ""requesting over $92.2 million in earmarks."""
" The deal to raise the federal debt limit created the ""largest debt ceiling increase in America’s history."""
" ""Almost 88,000 United States service members are still missing and unaccounted for, dating back to World War II."""
" Central Falls ""schools are overfunded by state money by as much as $8 million."""
" Texas has ""the fourth-lowest debt per capita of any state in the nation, and we are the lowest of any of the big states."""
" ""When Nancy Nusbaum was Brown County executive, spending went up nearly 50 percent."""
" ""Today we stand as the highest-performing urban school district in America."" "
" Obama has never submitted a budget, and Congress has worked for two years without passing one."
" ""The government's twice the size it was 10 years ago. It's 30 percent bigger than it was when (Barack) Obama became president."""
" ""As a percentage of our gross domestic product, the defense budget remains just 3.6 percent. This figure is low by all historical standards."""
 Republican Sen. John McCain won more votes for president in Cuyahoga County in the 2008 general election than he did in seven states.
" ""I cut more as a percentage out of government than any state in the country this past decade. And where is Michigan in terms of its economic growth? Cutting did not result in economic growth."""
" ""There’s actually 600 abortions done after the 20th week of pregnancy every year in Ohio."""
"""The average Republican voter thinks there should be some revenue as part of this deal."" "
" ""[T]his breed (of pit bulls) is most often associated with aggressive behavior."""
" ""#Business formation is still on the rise in Ohio! So far in 2011 we’ve assisted w/ 44,443 new business filings."" "
 more than eight countries lead the United States in the percentage of college graduates.  
" The debt ceiling deal will result in ""the lowest level of annual domestic spending since Dwight Eisenhower was president."""
" ""If the debt ceiling is surpassed, our nation will not go into default as some suggest."""
" ""There are no tax increases in this debt limit bill. Period."""
" ""For the second quarter in a row, my campaign has raised more money than any other challenger in the nation and brought our fundraising total to over $800,000."""
 A Waushara County school closed because of state budget cuts supported by Republican Wisconsin state Sen. Luther Olsen.
" ""Social Security didn’t cause the debt crisis. Social Security had nothing to do with the debt crisis."""
" ""Fifty-one percent -- that is, a majority of American households -- paid no income tax in 2009. Zero. Zip. Nada."""
 Medicaid is the primary source of health insurance for 41.7 percent of Hispanic children in Georgia.
" ""Believe it or not, consumer spending is up over the last eight months.""  "
" ""The federal government is spending 25 percent of our entire economy versus 100 years ago we spent only 2 percent."""
" ""Polls now show a majority of Catholics favor marriage equality."""
" ""Our government has spent $2.6 million to teach Chinese prostitutes how to drink responsibly."""
" Republican state Sen. Alberta Darling offered ""unqualified support"" for a plan to end Medicare"
" ""When I served as City Commissioner, we made great strides …we successfully fought for, and won, adding women and people of color to the Fire Bureau."""
" Michele Bachmann's legislative record is ""offering failed amendments."""
" ""Recently we have seen our government debt grow by $3.4 trillion during the first 29 months of the Obama administration -- the equivalent of about $4 billion per day."""
" ""The deficit was on track to top $1 trillion the year I took office."""
" ""Thirty-four of the last 44 (debt ceiling increases) have been for less than a year. So, this notion that short-term is somehow the exception, it's actually the rule."""
" ""The state of Georgia is near the bottom among states for SAT scores and graduation rates."""
" Tim Pawlenty said in 2006, ""The era of small government is over... the government has to be more proactive and more aggressive."""
" ""Bill Lynch told three lies in ten seconds"" "
" ""Active duty males in the military are twice as likely to develop prostate cancer than their civilian counterparts."""
" ""President Reagan did it (raised the debt ceiling) 18 times.  George W. Bush did it seven times."""
" ""When the Republicans were in charge, they actually expanded government health care with the prescription drug program."""
"""Most countries have no debt ceiling."" "
" ""The nonpartisan CBO, Congressional Budget Office, has said that the No. 1 policy decision that brought us to the need to prevent the nation from defaulting on our debt for the first time in history were the Bush tax cuts in 2001 and 2003."""
" ""This past (legislative) session, we passed out of the Legislature a resolution requiring Congress to pass a balanced-budget amendment to the (U.S.) Constitution."""
" ""the most dangerous time for children"" is from ""3 to 6 p.m., during which time juvenile crime rates triple"""
 state Rep. Fred Clark (D-Baraboo) ran a red light and seriously injured a bicyclist.
" ""The average 401(k) in America of a person who's 60 years old is under $100,000."""
" the state budget ""doubled property tax credits for seniors and middle class New Jerseyans"" and had ""no tax increases for any New Jersey family for the second year in a row."""
 members of the military have sent him more campaign contributions than they’ve sent President Barack Obama and more than twice what they’ve sent other Republican presidential candidates.
" Ronald Reagan ""repeatedly talked about how irresponsible it would be to allow the full faith and credit of the United States to be impaired in any kind of way."""
" ""in the Legislature, (Mary Nolan) has been a party-line Democrat, showing a 100% track record in harmony with the American Civil Liberties Union."" "
" ""There’s pretty much no question that [the curfew ordinances] aren’t effective in either reducing crime or preventing harm to young people."""
" ""The firefighter and police officer pension system is not headed for bankruptcy, far from it. That’s because New Jersey first responders -- fire fighters and police officers -- have never missed making payments to the retirement system."" "
" that U.S. Rep. Allen West is ""a constituent of mine."""
" Florida Democrats ""put my Social Security number and my wife's Employment Identification Number in a mail piece."""
" Republican redistricting plans cut Democrat Nancy Nusbaum out of  ""her state Senate district by a half a block."""
" ""We jumped 11 places since beginning this year in terms of being job-friendly."""
" ""Every president has raised the debt ceiling.""  "
" ""Since 2000, nearly 12 million Americans have slipped out of the middle class and into poverty."""
" ""I did not vote to spend money to fight that (Amendment 6 redistricting) lawsuit."" "
" state Senate recall challenger Sandy Pasch voted ""to cut school aid by nearly $300 million."""
" ""[L]ess than one-tenth of Atlanta's transportation needs are covered"" in a referendum to levy a 1-cent sales tax."
" that, unlike the U.S. Senate, ""even the Libyan government, in the middle of a civil war, passed a budget on June 15, 2011"""
" ""We have not had unemployment this high for this long since the Great Depression."""
" ""The State Election Board has issued nearly $275,000 in fines to violators of absentee ballot laws."""
" ""Fracturing or horizontally fracturing the shale to open up larger pockets of natural gas ... has been used for over 60 years and, as of 2009, over 80,000 wells have been fracked in Ohio."""
" ""The black unemployment rate (has) increased since the recovery has begun."""
 Ninety percent of the job growth in Virginia has been in the private sector.
" ""Sherrod Brown was just voted two years in a row the most liberal senator in the United States of America"" and is more liberal than Sen. Bernie Sanders."
" Georgia’s illegal-immigration legislation ""simply follows existing federal law."""
" ""By any measure, New Jersey has one of the most segregated school systems in the country.""  "
" ""Some criminals have learned how to spy on Americans, hacking into our home computers and looking out through the video camera attached to the screen."""
 recent polls show Americans agree with Republicans that the federal debt ceiling should not be raised and the debt and deficit should be dealt with mostly by cutting spending.
" ""Eighty percent of the American people support an approach (to federal budget problems) that includes revenues and includes cuts."""
" the U.S. borrows ""42 cents of every dollar Washington spends today and about half of that comes from countries like China."""
" ""New Mexico is the second Hollywood"" because of tax incentives for the film industry."
" ""95 percent of teachers and principals are not implicated in the [Atlanta Public Schools cheating scandal] report at all."""
" ""Numerous studies have shown that these so-called right-to-work laws do not generate jobs and economic growth."""
" ""Our country's got this huge debt, and (President Barack) Obama says raise taxes and keep spending more."""
" ""State agencies have not identified one single instance where groundwater has been damaged due to hydraulic fracking.""  "
 House Bill 2301 never had a public hearing
" for the first time in the history of the United States, the government cut taxes during wartime "
 Social Security and other federal checks may not go out on Aug. 3 if the debt ceiling is not increased.
" ""From now on, we have to pay the Russians $50 million an astronaut to send Americans to the space station"""
" ""There's no scientific conclusion that (being gay) is genetic."""
" Since President Obama took office, ""2 million jobs. Gone."""
" ""As we've seen that federal support for states diminish, you've seen the biggest job losses in the public sector -- teachers, police officers, firefighters losing their jobs."""
" ""A recent study revealed that, across the nation, taxes would have to be increased by an average of $1,300 a year just to support the currently unsustainable public employee pension systems. In Florida, that dollar figure translates to $813 a year."""
" For people in the top 1 percent for income, ""your effective tax burden is in the low 20s, the lowest it’s been in decades and decades and decades -- lower than somebody who might make substantially less money."" "
"""There are actually half a million fewer government employees now than there were when (President Barack) Obama took office."" "
"  ""Our crime rate continues to plummet."""
" ""In our proposal, we would have expanded school aid across the board … Governor Christie slashed school aid in this budget, preferring instead to extend a tax break for millionaires over funding in the classroom."""
" By the end of his first term, President Obama will have added as much debt as all the prior 43 presidents combined."
" ""Mitt Romney is the first Massachusetts politician to run for president and not win the New Hampshire primary in a generation."""
" Rhode Island spends ""52 percent more per capita on human service programs than the national average."""
" ""This governor has cut funding repeatedly for people who have AIDS, who need drugs to save their life."""
" ""Let’s say (Republicans) take away half of our delegates. They’re worth more than Iowa’s, New Hampshire’s and almost South Carolina’s combined."""
" that when President Bill Clinton raised the top tax rates to levels now proposed by Obama, the country experienced significant job growth."
" ""Young veterans have a higher unemployment rate than people who didn’t serve."""
" ""We have provided at least 16 tax cuts to small businesses."""
 Forty percent of union members voted Republican in 2008.
" ""Ohio currently ranks 50th out of all states in income growth."""
 car insurance rates have decreased since about a decade ago because of market-based solutions that attracted more auto insurers to New Jersey.
" Housing prices dropped for the 30 months prior to Barack Obama taking office, ""and they have stabilized, they've been about flat since the president came in."""
" ""Forty percent of the Fortune 500 were started either by immigrants or children of immigrants."""
" Gov. Scott Walker’s budget ""includes tax breaks for corporations and the rich that will cost the state of Wisconsin taxpayers $2.3 billion over the next decade."""
" From 1947 to 1979, family incomes for rich, middle-income and poor Americans grew about the same rate. But since 1979, incomes for rich families have grown much faster."
" ""Debt has almost doubled in Austin under Gov. Perry."""
" ""You see a whole bunch of Korean cars here in the United States, and you don't see any American cars in Korea."""
" ""Voting in the wrong precinct led to over 14,000 registered voters statewide to lose their vote in 2008."""
" the 2011-13 state budget eliminates the structural deficit ""for the first time in decades."""
" that in 2009, Jon Huntsman ""said that the Recovery Act wasn't large enough and as governor he asked for $14.4 billion in federal stimulus funds. Now he's saying that he never supported it."""
" ""If you look at our tax mix, the share of corporate revenues as a percentage of our overall revenue mix has declined by about half over the last 30 years."""
" ""In May we generated more jobs than all the rest of the country combined: 28,000 jobs in May for the state, 54,000 for the entire country."""
" ""Since I took office, we’ve created 76,800 jobs."""
" ""The Federal Register - which houses all Washington regulations - is 34,000 pages in length and weighs in at more than 340 pounds."""
" ""Creeping defense commitments in (the Middle East) and globally now consume over half the U.S. discretionary budget annually."""
" that as a gubernatorial candidate, Chris Christie ""promised no school cuts."""
" the 2012-13 state budget ""leaves $6 billion in a rainy day fund."""
" ""Only seven of 18 federal food assistance programs have been associated with positive health and nutrition outcomes, while the remaining 11 have not been effective."""
" President Obama ""has fired more cruise missiles than all other Peace Prize winners combined."""
" ""If you're a … wealthy CEO or a … hedge fund manager in America right now, your taxes are … lower than they've been since the 1950s."""
" President Barack Obama said that if he doesn’t turn the economy around after three years in office, he’ll be a one-term president."
 states that passed anti-illegal-immigrant legislation also had few Hispanic legislators.
" ""On the day of the New Hampshire primary in 1980, the top 13 people of Ronald Reagan’s staff quit."""
" ""For every dollar we invest in Head Start, we get $5 to $7 back into our economy."""
" ""The top 1 percent of income earners pay 40 percent of all state income taxes, and those at the bottom pay little or nothing."""
" Gov. Bob McDonnell launched a ""raid on public education to pay for roads."""
" ""We are one of the most expensive [bus] rides in New England."""
" In the first 24 to 36 hours of the operation in Libya, ""you saw $115 million go downrange because a Tomahawk cruise missile is a little over $1 million each."""
" Virginia spends $400,000 on abstinence programs while losing $2.5 million in federal funds due to Gov. Bob McDonnell’s ""political agenda."""
" ""Since June 2009, about 48 percent of all the jobs created in America were in Texas."""
" Rick Perry of Texas was ""the governor who relied most on stimulus funds to close his state’s budget deficit in 2010."""
" ""Vern Buchanan. His old business was caught illegally funneling over $60,000 in campaign donations to Buchanan to influence his election."""
 critics who say he cut Medicaid are wrong; his budget added $1.2 billion to the program  
" ""Providence is one of the busiest fire departments for its relative size in the country."""
"Every 10th dollar spent by the Social Security Administration on its program for the poor is ""waste, or fraud, they can’t validate that the people should have gotten it,"" totaling about $8 billion a year. "
" ""Seventy of Ohio's 88 counties now have more than 25 percent of their residents eligible for emergency food."""
" The U.S. is spending ""one out of every six Defense Department dollars on Afghanistan."""
" Miami-Dade mayoral candidate Julio Robaina ""has the highest salary among Florida mayors. More than $260,000."""
" When Mitt Romney was governor, Massachusetts ranked 47th out of 50 states in job creation.  "
" a Republican-drawn map of proposed U.S. House districts for Texas ""gerrymanders more than nine million Latinos in Texas to make sure that we have no more electoral opportunity than we did in 1991."""
" ""Most of the state budget isn't for state government doing things. ... 85 percent of the state budget is transferred to local communities for delivery of service."""
" ""Almost 10 percent of Canadians came to visit Florida last year ... (Canadians) buy 7.4 percent of our homes in the state."""
"""The right-to-work states are creating a lot more jobs today than the heavily unionized states."" "
" ""When the union says I want to eliminate tenure, that’s not true."""
 former Miami-Dade Mayor Carlos Alvarez and current mayoral candidate Carlos Gimenez  both drove fancy European cars at taxpayer expense.
" State Sen. Alberta Darling ""voted to add more than $1 billion in additional spending"" while cutting programs such as education and health care"
 11 percent of the nation’s fatal car crashes in 2009 were attributed to distracted driving.
" ""As soon as Chris Christie was governor, he gave tax cuts to millionaires."""
" ""A couple of hundred American cities are infested by members of the Mexican cartels."""
" ""The tax on job creating businesses is 35 percent in the United States, second worst in the entire world."""
" The Medford Water Commission was fined $279,000 for dumping plain drinking water into a stream."
" an alternative to Social Security that operates in Galveston County, Texas, has meant that participants will ""retire with a whole lot more money"" than under Social Security."
" ""We are number one in the world when it comes to energy resources. ... The Russians are second; Saudi Arabia is number three."" "
" ""Creating 25 jobs in Umatilla County has the same impact as 500 jobs in the metro region."""
 the state budget includes spending on commercials for Fortune 500 companies.
" ""Obamacare takes $500 billion out of Medicare and funds Obamacare."""
" George LeMieux ""falsely attacked Marco Rubio."""
 he's signed a pledge not to raise taxes four times.
" ""The Public Employee Retirement System is making more millionaires than the Oregon state lottery."""
" ""The Democrat-led Senate has failed to pass a budget for 750 days ... Senate Democrats have neglected one of their most basic responsibilities."""
" Gov. Chris Christie caused a 4.1 percent increase in property taxes in 2010, marking the highest increase since 2007."
" The budget currently being debated ""significantly decreases the use of one-time resources."""
" ""Anywhere in the world, when someone uses a mobile phone, e-mail, the Internet or GPS, they are enjoying the benefits of the American miracle."""
" The Medicare drug program ""resulted in the program coming in 40 percent under budget. ... And the reason it was, is because the design was right."" "
" ""A large number of the uninsured earn $75,000 or more a year."""
 the state’s new collective bargaining law effectively eliminates police unions' ability to negotiate.
" Then-Sen. Barack Obama ""refused to raise the debt ceiling because he said President Bush had failed in leadership."""
" An amendment inserted by lawmakers into the state budget ""exempts scientific researchers from all state animal cruelty laws."""
" If today's economy was rebounding at the rate of the ""Reagan recovery,"" it would have created the equivalent of 25 million new jobs and raised federal revenue by $800 billion a year."
" ""There was a recent report out that the premiums for Medicare and the payroll withholdings are only paying about half the program. So it is not financially solvent."""
" ""Taxpayers pay for roughly 45 percent of all births in Wisconsin! And 60 percent of the births in Milwaukee!!!"""
" Rick Perry ""has never lost an election and remains the only person to have won the Texas governorship three times in landslide elections."""
 Workers who pick produce in Georgia’s fields can make $12 to $18 an hour.
 The Obama administration has cut taxes on small businesses 17 times.
" The average person ""will pay $6,000 more a year"" under Rep. Paul Ryan's Medicare proposal."
" ""We already have $23 billion worth of debt."""
" 1,000 World War II veterans die every day."
" ""We have the highest per-pupil cost in the country."""
An iron ore mine in northern Wisconsin could operate for 100 years and generate billion of dollars in economic activity. 
" the Austin City Council ""may give $4 million a year to subsidize a race track."""
" opponent Kathie Tovo ""believes that Austin invests too much in the cops, firefighters and paramedics that protect our families and neighborhoods."""
" Commercial buses in the United States have ""a stellar safety record, a safety record that exceeds that of any other commercial mode or surface transportation mode."""
"""The average unemployed American has been out of work for almost 40 weeks."" "
" ""Obamacare cuts $500 billion in future Medicare funding in order to fund the new constitutionally questionable government mandate, even going so far as to scuttle Medicare's most popular (and successful) part, Medicare Advantage."""
" ""When I became president and CEO of Godfather’s Pizza, it was supposed to go bankrupt . . . We turned it around with common-sense business principles."""
" Out of 150,000 tenured teachers in the last 10 years, only 17 have been dismissed for incompetence."
" ""Every year the state loses 8,000-10,000 acres of land in bear country."""
 six of the state’s 58 family planning centers had to close because of Gov. Chris Christie’s budget cuts.
" ""We've seen 115,000 jobs created in the American auto industry since GM and Chrysler emerged from bankruptcy."""
"""Studies show that people that are on welfare are higher users of drugs than people not on welfare."" "
" ""Kasich’s budget increases state spending from $50.5 billion to $55.6 billion. This is the second largest, two-year spending increase in Ohio history."""
"""Rhode Island continues to have the highest rates of substance abuse in the country."" "
" The budget for the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ""is only about 1 percent of the amount banks generate just from late fees and overdraft fees."""
" that Sarah Palin and Craig Huey ""would ban a woman's right to choose in every case"""
" Craig Huey called Planned Parenthood a ""murder mill."""
 the federal government threatened to impose a no-fly zone in Texas if state legislators bar airport security officials from performing pat-downs.
" ""For every $1 spent on mitigation, $4 in post-storm cleanup and rebuilding is saved."""
 Assaults on Wisconsin law enforcement officers are up 224 percent statewide since 2005
" ""Over the last 15 months, we've added more than 2 million jobs in the private sector. That's far in excess of what it was in the comparable period after the last recession."""
" ""Manufacturing is having its best employment year in almost 15 years."""
" this month’s special session will cost the state $27,300 a day just for legislators’ daily living expenses."
 Oil companies are able to sell oil that costs no more to produce today than it did one year ago.
" Virginia is ""headed towards another surplus this year, unlike most states."""
 public education will get more money in 2012-13 though lawmakers cut $15 billion in overall spending.
"""We have seized more currency, more drugs, more outbound arms in the past year than any year in our country’s history."" "
" ""for the first time ever,"" Texas lawmakers are not funding student population growth."
" ""It is a greater crime to have an untagged alligator than to host an open house party (for kids)."""
" ""We went from a $5.6 trillion surplus that George Bush inherited to over ... $11-plus trillion debt when George Bush left office."""
" ""Some neighborhood schools are closing."""
" Medicare ""only has about 50 percent of it paid for by either premiums or payroll taxes, and the rest is deficit spending ... or debt spending."""
" ""Annual water usage in 2010 was actually down more than 18 percent from usage in 2006."""
" It is estimated that Arizona ""has lost more than $100 million in hospitality industry revenues since passage of the Arizona immigration laws.""  "
" ""If you look at the benefits and wages of recorded federal employees, they far outstrip the market rates of the private sector."""
" ""Obama-Nelson economic record: Job creation ... at slowest post-recession rate since Great Depression.""  "
" ""Abraham Lincoln (once) jumped out of a window in the Illinois Legislature in order to deny a quorum.""  "
" ""American oil production is at its highest level since 2003."""
the Obama Administration has fulfilled all of Texas’ requests for fire management assisting grants. 
"""There's a 1.5 percent to 2 percent overhead in Medicare. The insurance companies have a 20 percent to 30 percent overhead."" "
"the Obama administration approved a major disaster declaration for Oklahoma in 2009, when nine of the state’s 77 counties burned for ""about three days,"" while Texas wildfires have been burning for longer without such a declaration. "
" ""We are in the bottom 10 in dollars in the classroom and the top 10 in dollars in the bureaucracy and red tape."""
" ""Without ethanol, gas prices would be at least 15% higher. With gas at four bucks, that means you’re saving 12 bucks on a 20 gallon fill up."""
" that in the last five years, Texas ""created more jobs than all other states combined."""
" he vetoed $250,000 from the budget for a program to learn how to catch rainwater."
" The Democratic health care law ""added 12 years of solvency to Medicare."""
" state budget deal between Texas House and Senate leaders ""funds nursing homes, our public schools and universities and provides financial aid for college students."""
" the United States is ""the Saudi Arabia of coal."""
" Republican-approved changes to ""make it more difficult to participate in Ohio elections include reducing in-person early voting from 35 days to six."""
" ""Less than two years ago, we made a commitment to repay the U.S. . . .taxpayers in full, and today we made good on that promise."""
" that Tim Pawlenty eliminated health insurance for 33,000 to 35,000 people when he was governor of Minnesota."
" ""Sometimes I was the only 'no' vote on the entire board."""
"""Barack Obama won't even use the term 'war on terrorism.'"""
" that several times in the last 15 years, Austin City Council candidates have won seats after trailing by more than 4,000 votes in the election prompting the runoff.  "
" The Paul Ryan budget proposal would ""privatize Medicare."""
" For more than 30 years after World War II, there was a steady reduction in U.S. debt as a percentage of gross domestic product."
" ""For decades before I was elected, governors tried and failed to get Minnesota out of the top 10 highest-taxed states in the country. I actually did it."""
" ""750 days since Bill Nelson & the Democrats in the Senate passed a budget. How can this be justified?"""
" Compact fluorescent light bulbs are ""toxic"" and ""not environmentally friendly."""
" The U.S. has ""47 million people on food stamps. That’s 14 million more than when the current occupant of the White House took over."""
" ""To give a sense of how families are struggling, a record four out of every 10 school kids in Ohio now qualifies for subsidized lunch."""
" ""The turnout on May 14th was just 7 percent -- the lowest turnout in decades."""
" ""A gallon (of gasoline) delivered to the front lines for our troops in Afghanistan cost more than $400."""
" ""Tommy Thompson wanted to implant data chips in humans."""
" ""Gas prices have gone up $2 since Obama took office."""
" ""No other Northeastern state has passed a photo ID law"""
" ""If you take the population growth here in Virginia, we are net zero on job creation since (Bob McDonnell) became governor."""
" ""The Arab and the Muslim nations get twice as much money as Israel."""
" ""We bring in enough tax revenue to service our debt, pay for Medicare and Medicaid and Social Security, and then still have about $300 (billion) or $400 billion left over."""
" "" 'Scary' fact about our national debt. In 1791 it was $75 million. Today, it rises by that amount in about an hour."""
" Department of Education officials investigating Virginia Tech shootings ""have not once gotten into the car and driven down to Blacksburg to talk to the police chief or the university president or to anyone else."""
" state lawmakers have voted to ""spend virtually all of the Rainy Day Fund four times"" since the fund’s creation."
" On taxes, President Barack Obama wants to raise ""the top rate to 44.8 percent."""
" people who signed recall petitions against Wisconsin state Sen. Jim Holperin received ""harassing phone calls from out-of-state telemarketers claiming to represent the Democratic Party and insinuating foul play by petition circulators."""
" ""The new beverage tax will increase the cost of sodas, juice drinks, sports drinks, iced teas, and flavored water up to 50%."""
" ""You can't give a child an aspirin in school without permission. You can't do any kind of medication, but we can secretly take the child off and have an abortion."""
" ""The Ohio Democratic Party has raised $1.1 million since the November election. A very small percentage of that has come from organized labor."""
" President Barack Obama deserves to be called ""the most successful food stamp president in American history"" because ""47 million Americans are on food stamps."""
 Failure to raise the debt limit does not force a U.S. default on debt payments.
" the Texas Board of Nursing has a backlog of ""3,000 complaints against nurses, many of them sexual assaults, malfeasance."""
" ""Eighty-seven percent of private insurance plans currently include (abortion) coverage."""
" businesses ""already pay most of the taxes."""
" Rick Perry ""turned down our invitation to meet"" President Barack Obama in El Paso."
" ""We're within 600 miles of 60 percent of America. We're in a perfect location."""
" ""(George) LeMieux never requested a single earmark and pushed to ban them all."""
" ""(Bill) Nelson voted for billions in wasteful spending earmarks like the Bridge to Nowhere."""
" Virginia ranked near the bottom of the nation 50 years ago in per capita income but is in the top 10 today. It had a ""very low"" rate of higher education attainment but is now above the national average."
" ""The substitute budget now adds in tax breaks and tax deductions for those who buy these prisons.""  "
The Obama administration increased the deportation of illegal immigrants convicted of crimes by 70 percent. 
" ""Two-thirds of Wisconsin corporations don't pay state income taxes."""
" When ""the governor announced his ‘jobs budget,’ 99 folks from the Department of Taxation were let go the next day."""
" ""Gwinnett Medical Center is operating in the negative,"" in part, because of illegal immigrants."
"""The Border Patrol has 20,000 agents – more than twice as many as there were in 2004."" "
" The ""six largest cities in Ohio all have higher rates of violence and crime than every major city along the U.S.-Mexico border."""
" ""Austin Energy is considering its first rate increase since 1994."""
" Wrote that in 2006, Nancy Pelosi said she didn’t think capturing Osama bin Laden ""makes us any safer,"" but in 2011 called his killing ""historic."""
" There is ""a situation in this country where you're nearing 50 percent of people who don't even pay income taxes."""
" Georgia is ""one of only about seven states in the country"" that has a AAA bond rating."
 close to 90 percent of the population growth in Texas over the last decade was non-Anglo.
" Milwaukee County spent over $170,000 in salaries in 2010 for employees to ""participate in union activities such as collective bargaining."""
" Rick Perry ""advocated to liquidate"" the state’s rainy day fund in 2007."
" From 2008 to 2011, ""the pages in the conforming bills have gone from 400 pages to 2,200."""
" ""Prices are going up. Unemployment is continuing to go up."""
" On the night of the Iowa caucuses, Obama ""promised the nation that he would do health care reform focused on cost containment, he opposed an individual mandate, and he said he was going to do it with Republicans."""
" ""We have the highest corporate income tax in the world right now."""
" ""I’ve been through four campaigns and have not done any negative campaigning.""  "
" ""Nearly 2,000 high schools - roughly 12 percent of all secondary schools in the United States - produce about half of the nation’s dropouts."""
" House Republican plan would increase costs for Oregon seniors by $6,000 with health care vouchers instead of Medicare"
" According to crime statistics, ""riding MARTA has been becoming more and more safe over the years."""
" The federal debt is more than $14 trillion, ""almost equal to the size of our entire economy,"" and ""every child born today inherits a $45,000 share of the national debt before they take their first breath."" "
" ""Bin Laden had declared war against Pakistan."""
" ""America owns 3 percent of the world’s oil but consumes 25 percent of its global reserves."""
" Rep. Paul Ryan's budget proposal cuts ""nothing"" from Medicare, Social Security or defense in the next two to three years, and ""in three years, he does not cut one dime from the debt."""
" ""The federal government borrows $4 billion every day."""
" In a lawsuit between private citizens, a Florida judge ""announced the decision was going to be based on Islamic Law."""
"although the unemployment rate seems to be improving, it does not reflect real job creation -- it’s caused by a ""shrinking of the actual labor force."" "
" ""You’ve got each day 10,000 new seniors, baby boomers, becoming eligible for the entitlement programs.""  "
" ""China now owns $1.1 trillion of our debt, our trade deficit last year with them was a quarter of a trillion dollars."""
" ""We don't have bridges being built"" in the United States."
" using E-Verify is ""a fair amount of cost,"" about $20 per person that does not match."
" ""A vast majority of the production in the United States comes from small independent oil and gas companies."""
" ""Currently, there is no one from South Austin on the (Austin City) Council!"""
" ""One of three patients hospitalized (is) harmed by the care they receive."""
" ""55 percent of the people who cast a provisional ballot (in Florida) in the last presidential election -- their vote did not count."""
" ""America's wealthiest 25 percent pay 86 percent of total income taxes. Wealthiest 5 percent pay 60 percent of total income taxes."""
" Rep. Paul Ryan’s Medicare plan ""lines the pockets of the private insurance companies,"" increases costs for seniors and does not reduce the deficit."
"Florida is one of a few or perhaps the only state ""that has a statewide review of local land use and zoning decisions."" "
" ""Texans spend $2.5 billion gambling in our neighboring states every year.""  "
" The Bush tax cuts ""helped to create a substantial part of the deficit."""
" ""we have now more Border Patrol officers … than we’ve had at any time in our history."""
" ""90 percent of babies with Down syndrome are aborted."" "
" ""We have created more jobs in this last year than the Bush administration (did) in eight years."""
" Paul Ryan ""voted for two wars that were unpaid for, voted for the Bush tax cuts that were unpaid for, voted for the prescription drug bill that cost as much as my health care bill -- but wasn't paid for.""  "
" ""Each day our nation pays communist China $73.9 million in interest on our debt."""
" ""In Senate Bill 5, there is this new method of evaluating teachers. … You’re also going to be rated on what the parents think of you and they can send questionnaires and surveys home to parents."""
"""Large majorities"" of the public ""oppose major changes to Medicare"" and favor higher taxes on the wealthy. "
" ""Iraq has the second-largest oilfields in the world (behind) Saudi Arabia."""
 Salaries for Virginia’s teachers are below the national average.
" ""Foreign companies in the United States have a significantly higher unionization rate than other companies overall."""
" ""Over the last 10 years, Georgia's public health has declined."""
" ""Gov. (Rick) Perry helped balance his budget with about $6 billion worth of federal help, which he happily took, and then started blaming the members of Congress who had offered that help."""
" ""We are the most generous in New England and New England is known for its generosity toward its welfare recipients."""
" Per-student K-12 state funding for Portland Public Schools has dipped from $6,036 in the 2007-2008 school year to $5,644 in the 2010-2011 school year"
" ""Right now we are spending at an all-time high, close to 25 percent of our GDP [is] being spent on the federal government. But our revenues are at an almost all-time low of about 15 percent [of GDP]."""
 he couldn't keep a 42-inch redfish he caught because of fishing rules.
"Texas routinely gets ""a lot more federal spending"" than it pays in taxes. "
" If we had the same staffing ratio (of officers to residents) as Seattle, we'd have 300 more officers in our department."""
" An Internet sweepstakes cafe is ""a legitimate business that has been vetted and found to be completely legal in the state."""
" ""The facts show that approximately 40 persons on death row have had all of their appellate review completed and await only the governor's signature on a death warrant to end the case."""
" General Electric ""hasn't really created any jobs in this country, doesn't  pay any taxes, and they're making historic profits."""
"According to David Cay Johnston, ""the average American pays about 22 percent of their income to federal taxes. The richest 400 Americans … pay about 16 percent of their income to federal taxes."" "
" ""[Appalachian Power] wants another 10 percent rate increase. The compensation package for CEO Mike Morris rose 22 percent to $8.7 million in 2010."""
" ""In this bill that I’ve just signed, we don’t cut anybody’s salary. We don’t take away their pension. And we don’t destroy their health care."""
" The Republican budget plan ""says that 10 years from now, if you’re a 65-year-old who’s eligible for Medicare, you should have to pay nearly $6,400 more than you would today."""
" ""Americans will pay more in taxes in 2011 than they will spend on groceries, clothing and shelter combined."""
" ""Hackers broke into Virginia's prescription-drug database (and) ... obtained more than 8.2 million patient records and a total of nearly 36 million prescriptions."""
" Milwaukee is ""the most segregated city in America."""
"""The costs of cancer and all affiliated issues are over $20 billion a year to this state."" "
" ""What we have done with the PATRIOT Act, we've given the government enormous powers. We've given the government the right to reach deeply into people's private lives, into their business affairs, without a court order."""
" ""If you go strictly by the numbers, crime is down across the board. Last year we had a 10 percent decrease in the most serious crimes."""
" Tim Kaine proposed ""over $6 billion in tax increases from the time he entered the governor’s mansion until the time he left."""
" Multnomah County has faced ""11 straight years"" of cuts"
" George Allen voted to add $3 trillion to the federal debt, voted to raise the debt ceiling four times and voted for the No Child Left Behind Act while he was a senator."
" ""The Republicans have demanded deep cuts in education. They've demanded cuts in cancer research and other research to find cures and treatments to diseases."""
" To pay for government growth, leaders of both parties ""borrowed $4 billion a day, leaving us with today's $14 trillion debt."""
" ""When we lower tax rates, we generate more in revenues. That happened in '86 with the Reagan plan, happened in 2001, following the Bush plan."""
" ""For every [coyote] they kill, the population will replace and usually multiply."""
" ""In the last decade, the average income of the bottom 90 percent of all working Americans actually declined. The top 1 percent saw their income rise by an average of more than a quarter of a million dollars each."""
" ""By the end of this decade, the interest we owe on our debt could rise to nearly $1 trillion."""
" A space shuttle the National Museum of the United States Air Force near Dayton would be ""within a day's drive of 60 percent of the U.S. population."""
" ""Foreign aid makes up about 1 percent of our entire budget."""
" President Obama has ""stopped using the phrase 'war on terror.' """
" ""The benefits that were offered to me as a congressman don’t even compare to the benefits that you get as a state employee. I just experienced that myself. They’re not nearly as good."""
" ""There used to be 16 workers for every one person on Social Security. ... Now it’s three."""
" ""Over the past decade, the big five oil companies --- BP, Chevron, ConocoPhillips, ExxonMobil and Shell -- made a total profit of nearly $1 trillion."""
" ""an average of $4 billion is added to the national debt"" every day."
 the Beaumont school district’s superintendent is the highest-paid in the state.
" ""Many states without collective bargaining, such as Arizona, Nevada and North Carolina, have far larger budget deficits than many that do, including Ohio."""
" Proposed fees for Rhode Island beaches will still be ""less than some of the town beaches."" "
" ""I have the No. 1 show on NBC."""
" In Florida, it’s not illegal for an immediate family member of state officials to prosper from legislation supported by a spouse."
" ""From '05 to '09, we've had 1,100 soldiers commit suicide, one every 36 hours."""
" ""We’re paying out-of-state residential facilities hundreds of thousands of dollars, if not more,"" to house children in state custody"
" ""We’ve introduced a bill that includes $12 billion in cuts over the next week."""
" Virginia was named ""best managed state, best state for business and best state to raise a child"" while I was governor. "
" ""Across the United States, 25 percent of voting age African Americans do not have the photo ID that this bill would require."""
" A government shutdown ""could disrupt ... veterans' benefits."""
" Under a House Republican appropriations bill, ""6 million seniors are deprived of meals."" "
" The ratio of people working for the government and working in manufacturing today is ""an almost exact reversal of the situation in 1960."""
House Republicans rejected a straightforward measure that would prevent members of Congress and the president from being paid during a government shutdown. 
" ""The only segment in the beer market that is growing is the craft beer segment."""
 Three courts have found the new health care law constitutional and two have found it unconstitutional.
" ""Franklin Roosevelt (was) the last president to come to the Congress to ask for permission to engage into war."""
" ""Since 1990, in inflation-adjusted dollars, per-student funding of the (Florida) state university system from general revenue has dropped by about $4,000."""
" The federal government has ""77 different means-tested social welfare programs."""
" ""some [states] with the largest reductions in crime have also lowered their prison population."""
" ""Corporate taxes will soon be the highest in the industrialized world."""
"""We lost more jobs in this great recession than the last four recessions combined."" "
" ""Every child born today inherits a $30,000 share in a national debt that stands at more than $13 trillion."""
 A majority of the American people opposed the health care law when it was signed and still oppose it today.  
" ""In three years we could find close to 50 million gallons per day through a toilet replacement program."""
" a photo ID voting law in Georgia didn't dissuade black voters from participating in voting. ""It hasn't, it doesn't, and apparently, if you do cause and effect in that state, it's been helpful."""
" When you compare our state pension system ""to other systems throughout the country, our benefits are not gold-plated. They are not rich. They are actually average or below average."""
" Since Oregon’s prescription-only law took effect, meth lab incidents have dropped by 96 percent and meth-related arrests by 32 percent."
" ""Ninety percent of Texans say they do not want the nursing homes to close. It polls higher than anything else."""
" Chris Abele, opponent in Milwaukee County executive race, ""failed to finish 3 separate colleges, dropping out all 3 times."""
" Tallahassee is ""the ninth-rainiest (city) in the nation."""
" Discretionary spending has ""increased over 20-some percent in two years if you don’t include the stimulus. If you put in the stimulus, it’s over 80 percent."""
" ""From 1960, the year I was born, until the time I became Governor in 2003, the average two-year increase in Minnesota state spending was 21 percent. … we brought that down dramatically, to about 1.7 percent per year."""
" that during the first 19 months of the Obama administration, the U.S. detained people from nations designated as state sponsors of terrorism on the southwestern border."
" ""There has never been a death caused by a [commercial nuclear] reactor in the United States, even when Three Mile Island failed in the 1970s."""
 David Prosser = Scott Walker.
" ""Ultimately, after an exhaustive investigation,"" the National Transportation Safety Board concluded that a Minneapolis bridge collapsed in 2007 ""because of an original design flaw dating back to the 1960s."""
 new EPA water regulations would force the state to make drainage canals every bit as clean as pristine Florida river systems.
" Since Corey Stewart became chairman in November 2006, unemployment is up 150% and average home price sales are down $150,000."
 Jeff Stone = Scott Walker.
" The ""House-passed budget proposal could cut funding for programs that help keep local neighborhoods safe, slash more than $1.7 million in anti-terror funds for Ohio."""
" ""Regime change (in Iraq) took eight years"""
" ""Every taxpayer owes about $130,000 to pay off the national debt."""
 Milwaukee County Parks director Sue Black has not received a pay raise in five years.
The hour of sleep you lose during the change to daylight saving time might initially pose some health risks. 
" ""Seven of the 10"" school districts with the lowest graduation rate for African-American boys in the country are in Florida."
" none of the government programs targeted for elimination or severe cutback in House Republican spending plans ""appeared on the GAO's list of government programs at high risk of waste, fraud and abuse."""
" a Lubbock terror suspect’s alleged plan ""to use baby dolls to conceal chemical explosives"" is similar to a 1995 plot ""to blow up 12 jumbo jets over the Pacific Ocean."""
" Central Health ""is the only hospital district in Texas that spends taxpayer dollars on abortions."""
" Oregon concealed gun applications include ""home phone numbers, home address, Social Security numbers, what kinds of guns you have in the house … whether you were dishonorably discharged from the military, what controlled substances you are taking and  were you ever accused of -- accused, mind you -- of stalking."""
" ""legislation pending in the House would effectively limit or eliminate ‘time-and-a-half’ for people who work overtime."""
" The HOPE scholarship ""has helped turn our University System into one of the best in the Southeast, with two institutions ranked in the top 20 of public universities in the country."""
" ""About 22 percent of adults in Rhode Island and approximately 30 percent of youth (ages 10-17) are considered obese."""
"""Most Americans live within 50 miles of a nuclear power plant."" "
" ""The entire state of Florida led the nation last year with the most prison inmates committing tax fraud."" "
" a ""rather extraordinary amount of non-classroom employees"" were added by Texas school districts over the last decade."
" ""Due to a flaw in the 1995 Outer Continental Shelf Deep Water Royalty Relief Act numerous oil companies are now drilling in the Gulf of Mexico in federal lands and paying no royalties to the federal government."""
"Allen West helped thwart a terrorist plot by shooting a gun in the direction of an Iraqi detainee, then reported the incident to his superior and said it was wrong. "
"""Since President Obama took office, gas prices have gone up 67 percent."" "
" Ohio Director of Job Creation ""Mark Kvamme just clawed back about $900,000 from companies that made promises and they didn't keep them."""
" ""Since 1980, over 145 incidents have been documented of suction entrapment in swimming pools and spas, including 36 deaths of children."""
 The coalition of Arab states against Libya’s Moammar Gadhafi is the biggest coalition against a fellow Arab leader since the Persian Gulf War in 1990-1991.
" ""Eleven years ago, the city of Detroit lifted the residency requirement for police officers and today, 53 percent of officers live outside of the city. If we want the tax base of Milwaukee to resemble the tax base of Detroit, this is the way to go."""
" Studies have shown that in the absence of federal reproductive health funds, we are going to see the level of abortion in Georgia increase by about 44 percent."
" ""The Congressional Budget Office has this economic model where they measure the economy going forward, and they are now telling us that the entire economy crashes in the year 2037 because their computer simulation can't conceive of any way in which the U.S. economy can continue."""
" ""According to 2009 estimates, an agreement with Panama could result in almost 1,900 Florida jobs in the first year – and about 15,000 jobs after five years."""
" The GOP budget plan ""would cut nearly a million jobs."""
" Oregon is ""near the top or at the top of the list"" when it comes to capital gains tax"
" ""If you look at the jobs lost in the private sector as opposed to the job gains in the public sector, it's out of whack. The government's growing and the private economy's shrinking."""
" The state of Wisconsin pays plumbers, engineers and other attorneys ""much, much more"" than it pays attorneys to represent poor people."
" ""for the equivalent cost of a single mile of freeway, we have a bike infrastructure."""
" The House budget plan proposes ""the largest discretionary spending cut in history."""
" ""Florida is one of only three states that require licenses for commercial interior designers."""
" ""Lake Erie supports nearly 10 percent of Ohio's jobs and generates $750 million in state and local taxes."""
"""We have over 25 million people who live in Texas and less than 2 percent of them have"" concealed handgun licenses. "
 Texas colleges and universities may opt to allow guns on campuses.
" ""Twenty percent of our electricity currently comes from nuclear power plants. I think there are 104 in the United States, two of them around the coast in California."""
" that Republicans ""bragged about how every bill was going to be paid for, right from the beginning"" and that the first vote, the repeal of health care reform, violated that rule."
" ""Put simply, less government spending equals more private sector jobs."""
"Federal spending is ""all discretionary, other than interest on the national debt. Social Security is discretionary. We have the discretion to change the law. Same is true with Medicare and Medicaid."" "
" ""There are corporations in this nation, some of the biggest corporations in this nation, who do not pay taxes."""
" ""Oil production from federal waters in the Gulf of Mexico reached an all-time high"" in 2010."
" ""Last year, American oil production reached its highest level since 2003."""
" ""For the first time in more than a decade, imports accounted for less than half of (the oil) we consumed."""
" ""Georgia still has one of the richest programs in terms of scholarships for students to go to college."""
" The American Academy of Pediatrics ""supports banning guns."""
"that President Obama said in 2008 that his proposed greenhouse gas regulations ""will bankrupt"" anyone who wants to build a new coal-fired power plant. "
 taxes paid by the poorest residents of Texas are above the national average.
" ""Democrats have now become the party of the [Atlanta] metro area and of blacks."""
" four-year terms for City Council members are ""the norm in most cities of our size.""  "
" At Twin River, ""we're more than competitive"" with nearby casinos in slot machine payouts."
 Tapping the Strategic Petroleum Reserve would immediately lower gasoline prices
" On the night of the Wisconsin state Senate vote on the budget package, ""a mob showed up and busted down the door and took over the Capitol."""
" ""Our average private sector employee pays 23 percent for their health care. Our average city worker in Ohio pays 9 percent."""
" ""Just 400 Americans -- 400 -- have more wealth than half of all Americans combined."""
" ""We know that every 85 visitors create one Florida job."""
 women who need a sonogram in the eighth to 10th week of pregnancy have to get a transvaginal sonogram.
" Rick Scott's proposed budget ""would lay off 20,000 teachers."""
" Sen. Sherrod Brown admitted ""that his $787 billion stimulus law failed"" and ""after specifically attacking Republicans for wanting to lower Americans' taxes, (he) now claims that his stimulus bill 'didn't do enough' to lower taxes."""
" ""Since 1999, all Virginia Lottery profits have been used for public education in the Commonwealth for kindergarten through 12th grade."" "
 A bill before the Georgia General Assembly would make presidential candidates meet citizenship requirements that are not in the U.S. Constitution. 
" Bing Energy said it decided to move to Florida because of Gov. Rick Scott’s ""plan to eliminate the corporate tax."""
" ""I delivered to you a budget that ... cuts taxes by $2 billion."""
" ""We ... sold the state airplanes as I had promised."""
" ""On my first day in office, I ordered a review of every regulation in the pipeline and every contract exceeding $1 million."""
" ""Hitler didn't want unions. Stalin didn't want unions. Mubarak didn't want independent unions. These autocrats in history don't want independent unions."""
" In the past decade, K-12 funding has grown six times faster than the rate of enrollment."
" Wisconsin state and local government workers pay ""$500, $600 or in some cases, $1,000"" per year in union dues."
" ""Under the clear letter of the law, (Justice Clarence Thomas) must recuse himself"" from the case challenging the constitutionality of the health care law."
" Justice Elena Kagan recused herself in ""many cases where she had little role"" as solicitor general, simply because of the appearance of a conflict of interest."
" The health care bill has ""six years of costs against 10 years of tax revenue."""
" ""We closed that plant down. It was a $27 million-dollar plant, operating full steam, and we closed it down."""
"Texas ""ranks third in teen pregnancies... and it is No. 1 in repeat teen pregnancies."" "
 city of Portland has a one-time $22 million surplus
" Georgia legislation on immigration is a ""copycat"" of an Arizona immigration bill."
" ""Last year it was discovered that Rhode Island's public employees ranked 4th in average pay, while the private sector ranked 23rd."""
 Texas would have to increase current state spending by 28 percent just to reach the national average for spending per resident.
" A telephone company will no longer have to provide landline service to customers if there is an alternative provider, including wireless."
 Oregon recyclers can't recycle plastic bags 
" ""Thirty-five states have accepted high-speed intercity rail money."""
" Under Gov. Scott Walker’s proposals, ""Money is being taken away from workers, and the tax breaks given to major corporations. ""  "
" In 2011, ""the average annual compensation for a teacher in the Milwaukee Public Schools system will exceed $100,000."""
"neither President Barack Obama nor Mexico President Felipe Calderon ""have been on the border to see what's happening to the citizens of Mexico, and for that matter the citizens of Texas."" "
" DeKalb County has cut more money from its general fund budget ""than any local government in the Atlanta metro region."""
" ""We have lost 600,000 jobs over the period of the last 10 years. Only Michigan and California have done worse."""
 the Army is spending $7 million to sponsor a NASCAR team.
" Rep. Paul Ryan’s budget ""roadmap … doesn't balance the budget until the 2060s and … adds an unthinkable $62 trillion to the national debt between now and then."""
" Gov. Bob McDonnell in 2010 ""did not even create enough jobs to keep pace with population growth"" in Virginia. "
" ""For every $10,000 invested in business incubators, up to nearly 70 local jobs are generated."""
" the state share of Texas public education spending increased 82 percent over the past decade, reaching $20 billion in 2009."
" the high-speed rail project provides ""short-term jobs."""
" The 2006 Massachusetts health care law has ""added (only) about 1 percent to our state budget."""
" ""Most federal employees do not have collective bargaining for benefits, nor for pay."""
" ""We’ve now gained private sector jobs 12 months in a row."""
" Under a proposed Georgia law, ""women who miscarry could become felons.""  "
" ""A miscarriage is considered an abortion."""
"""The right-to-work states have much lower level of unemployment than the union states do."" "
" signs posted at projects funded by the federal stimulus act has cost ""20 or 40 million"" dollars."
" ""From 2003 to 2006, 'Sesame Street' made more than $211 million from toy and consumer product sales."""
" ""The American people have endured 21 consecutive months of 9% or higher unemployment [and] 2.6 million jobs have been lost,"" since the stimulus bill was signed."
" ""The cost for renovating the headquarters of the U.N. has doubled from the original estimate."""
 An illegal immigrant who gains admission at a public college takes class space away from students who are legal residents.
 The law has not established whether Rhode Island public employees have property rights to their pensions. 
" Under former President George W. Bush’s administration ""while the population in that period grew by 10 percent, the number of jobs in the nation grew by 1 percent."""
" ""Twelve percent of the garbage collected in those SOLV cleanups, by volume, is plastic bags."""
" If public employees don’t pay more for benefits starting April 1, 2011, ""the equivalent"" is 1,500 state employee layoffs by June 30, 2011 and 10,000 to 12,000 state and local government employee layoffs in the next two years."
 Florida's pension plan faces the same long-term funding problems as Social Security.
" ""If you printed a $1 bill for the entirety of the $14.1 trillion national debt, the resulting pile of money would weigh more than 136 aircraft carriers."""
" One half of federal spending goes to Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid while the other half goes to other programs funded with money ""borrowed from a foreign land."""
" The richest 400 taxpayers are taxed at a lower rate than a $29,000-a-year worker"
" Gov. Rick Scott's sale of the state planes was ""not proper."""
" ""Every (Wisconsin) legislator that votes for this bill"" will have to ""give up the same amount of pay"" as other state employees."
" ""FACT: the ‘special assistant’ in @johnkasich's office makes over three times more than an average #OH firefighter"""
" In 2009, Democratic Wisconsin state senators ""rammed through a billion-dollar tax hike in 24 hours with no public input."""
" ""The president promised to close the space gap, but he now seems intent on repeating the events that created the space gap in the first place -- putting in place a new rocket design and then trying to underfund the effort..."""
" that in some Texas communities, ""our unemployment rate is still at 10 and 20 percent."""
" ""We're not engaged in nation-building"" in Afghanistan. "
" A federal system that verifies employees are authorized to work in the U.S. is inaccurate ""anywhere from 50 percent all the way up to in excess of 80"" percent of the time.  "
"""The (Wisconsin) governor has proposed tax giveaways to corporations."" "
" ""State employees haven't received a raise in five or six years."""
" The House of Delegates budget bill ""cuts $50 million from education."" "
" Since Sherrod Brown and the Democrats ""rammed"" the economic stimulus bill through, ""Ohio's unemployment rate has risen to 9.6 percent, above the national average."""
 Sunday liquor sales could generate $3.4 million to $4.8 million a year in additional sales tax revenue for Georgia.
"If Wisconsin's governor cuts perquisites as much as he plans to do, ""it would still leave (workers) better off than their private sector"" counterparts. "
"""The  firefighters, the policemen and others who supported (Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker) in his election bid ... don't have to worry about their collective bargaining rights."" "
" At protests in Wisconsin against proposed collective bargaining changes, ""phony sick notes (were) passed out to excuse striking union members."""
" ""75 percent of the jobs created in the state of Ohio are created in small business. They are not created by huge corporations and those who are very wealthy."""
 The federal government regulates the holes in Swiss cheese.
" some in Congress are trying ""to create a separate government for those with a drop of Native Hawaiian blood."""
" ""Lyme disease is one of the fastest growing infectious diseases in the United States, and Rhode Island has the second-highest incidence of this disease in the country."""
" ""In Austin, I’ve got half-a-dozen or more schools on a list to be closed — one of which I presented a federal blue-ribbon award to for excellence. And several hundred school personnel on the list for possible terminations."""
" Oregon Health Plan rations ""covered procedures under certain circumstances"""
 Illegal immigration costs Georgia $2.4 billion a year
" ""One of the biggest causes of our soaring debt and economic insecurity ends up being Pentagon spending. The budget for the Pentagon consumes more than half of our discretionary spending."""
" ""The Constitution doesn't allow the governor to not-spend appropriations funds."""
" The federal government ""can cut all of the non-military discretionary spending and not balance the budget."""
" For thousands of public employees, Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker’s budget-repair bill would ""take away any say they have in the workplace, and eliminate their union."""
" ""For the last decade, funding in the health and human services budget has grown at twice the rate as other parts of the budget, and I think that context is important."""
" The United states is ""borrowing more than 40 cents of every dollar we spend."""
" Americans, in the last 30 years, ""have more than doubled the amount of money we are spending per child (on education) … and the results have gotten worse, not better."""
" there are Ohio Turnpike workers getting paid $66,000 a year to collect tolls that machines might collect."
" In Texas, ""sexting is a felony sex offense for teenagers — that can mean up to 10 years in prison."""
 The White House budget plan will bring domestic discretionary spending to its lowest share of our economy since Dwight Eisenhower was president.
" ""It is projected that 3.07 million people will use the train annually. Keep in mind that Amtrak's Acela train in Washington D.C., Boston, Philadelphia, New York and Baltimore only had 3.2 million riders in 2010."""
" The Obama administration ""actually cut out the democracy in Egypt funds inside the State Department."""
" ""Senator Webb was a reliable vote for President Obama and Senator Harry Reid."""
" ""Our debt to GDP ratios, our deficit to GDP ratios are quickly approaching the countries we have been reading about for the last year and a half. We are not far behind Ireland, Greece, Portugal and Spain and all these countries we have been reading about."""
" ""In its current state, this bill is the most restrictive voter ID legislation in the nation."""
" The United States is ""the only developed country in the world that has not cut its corporate tax rate."" "
" ""Texas added more jobs in 2010 than any other state."""
" ""There is nothing in the current state public records law that prohibits sensitive or confidential business information from being just that, confidential."""
" Since Sept. 11, 2001, ""270,000 Americans were killed by gunfire at home."""
Orrin Hatch co-sponsored a 1993 health care bill that had an individual mandate. 
" ""Between Austin, San Antonio, Houston and Dallas over 8,000 same-sex couples are raising children."""
" 25 percent of Austin's public school buildings are ""underutilized."""
" Joe Straus is the ""first Jewish speaker of the"" Texas House."
" Oregon families pay an extra $1,400 a year on higher insurance premiums to cover those who do not have insurance."
" ""In the month of January, Canada created more new jobs than we did."""
" ""I’m the only candidate for Milwaukee County executive that has voted against increasing government pensions."""
 More than one-quarter of America’s young adults are too fat to serve in the U.S. military
" Ohio is one of just 17 states with an estate tax, and it has ""the lowest threshold in the nation."""
" ""Today, American companies have nearly $2 trillion sitting on their balance sheets."""
 the foreman of the jury that convicted him was a Greenpeace activist.
" If you tried to pay out $1 trillion by handing it out at $1 per second, it would take more than 31,000 years. "
"The majority of people in polls do ""not support Obamacare."" "
Tells President Barack Obama that he also asked former President George W. Bush about how he felt about Americans hating him. 
" ""Before this law was passed, Americans were told they could keep their current health care plans. After it became law, the administration issued regulations stating nearly half of Americans would lose their current plan."""
 Most state employees could pay twice as much toward their health care premiums and it would still be half the national average
" ""Some politicians … want to put new taxes on a lot of groceries."""
" ""I lowered taxes over the last two years."""
" The military has spent $500 million enforcing the ""Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell"" policy regarding gays and lesbians in the military. "
 Georgia has some of the best maintained roads in America.
" ""every school will be negatively impacted"" if Education Stability Fund is not tapped."
" the Texas Forest Service planted 6,000 trees in the Dallas/Fort Worth area before the Super Bowl for unknown reasons at an unknown cost."
" ""Ten retired nuns were barred from voting in the 2008 Indiana Democratic primary."""
 Americans spend 6.1 billion hours a year complying with tax law. It costs us $163 billion to comply with our tax laws annually.
"Many of the 9/11 conspirators came from the Muslim Brotherhood, including Osama bin Laden, Ayman Zawahiri and Khalid Sheikh Mohammed. "
" Israel's per capita income ""is greater than probably three-fourths of the rest of the world."""
"Under Hosni Mubarak's rule, ""Egypt received more American dollars than any country besides Israel."" "
" ""All the money the Department of Citrus has is paid for by the citrus growers. You don't save dollars by eliminating the Department of Citrus."""
" ""We currently have one guy who is in charge of painting the entire Milwaukee County parks system."""
" that in Ohio ""right now, you could be 8½ months pregnant and have an abortion for no reason."""
 he predicts the weather better than Punxsutawney Phil.
" ""From 1980 to 1990, the top 1 percent saw their income go up by roughly 80 percent"" while ""the median wage in the country over (the same) 10 years went up 3 percent."""
" ""The two worst counties for (Medicaid) fraud in the country -- not state -- are Dade and Broward county."""
" that over the last decade, the state's population grew three times faster than the Texas state tax system."
" his state budget will ""provide an increase in state funding for the 2011-12 school year."""
 Georgia is the second-fastest growing state for international tourists.
 The U.S. loses more on tax breaks than it collects in personal income taxes. 
" the United States does not ""trade as much as other developed nations."""
 there have been 50 million abortions since Roe v. Wade was decided.
 President Barack Obama supports immigration amnesty.
 Texas ranks 44th nationally in education funding per pupil. 
" Secure Communities ""has a proven track record of enhancing public safety by focusing on violent offenders and those that pose a threat to our communities and our national security."""
 The Republican Party raffled off an AR-15 assault rifle at the 2010 Oregon State Fair.
" ""Last year, out of the 500,000 (in) population growth we had in the state of Texas, about 250,000 of the 500,000 came to Texas... from the other 49 states."""
" ""No one in the private sector gets unlimited accruals of vacation and sick leave."""
" President Barack Obama revealed in his State of the Union address that he ""now is against earmarks."""
"""[Tailpipe emissions rules], if fully implemented with all the regulations that go with it, they will keep the temperature from rising nearly five one-hundredths of a degree Fahrenheit. By 2050."" "
"There have been ""at least four incidents where bullets from Mexico have crossed the border."" "
" ""We're borrowing 40 cents of every dollar we spend."""
" ""The American people say, don't touch Social Security, don't touch Medicare, don't cut defense. That's 84 percent of the federal budget."""
 required state septic inspections would cost septic tank owners $100 to $150 every five years.
" ""Since taking office, President Obama has signed into law spending increases of nearly 25 percent for domestic government agencies, an 84 percent increase when you include the failed stimulus."""
" ""While the government grew, we lost more than 2 million jobs."""
" ""Of the top five cities for staged automobile accidents, three are in Florida. … We rank No. 1 in the country in staged auto accidents."""
" ""The Interior Department is in charge of salmon while they're in fresh water, but the Commerce Department handles them when they're in saltwater."""
" The federal government ""may put 16,500 IRS agents in charge of policing President Obama's health care bill."""
" that 98,184 Texans are now driving with temporary driver’s licenses lacking their photos."
" ""The debt will soon eclipse our entire economy."""
" The United States has ""one of the highest corporate tax rates in the world."""
" ""We are living with a legacy of deficit-spending that began almost a decade ago."""
" ""As many as a quarter of our students aren’t even finishing high school."""
" ""Two years after the worst recession most of us have ever known ... corporate profits are up.""  "
" ""The number of inmates since 2000 on death row dying of natural causes has now surpassed the number of inmates executed."""
"Poll results from the past 35 years show that State of the Union speeches ""do not move"" presidential approval numbers. "
" More people die from ""medical misadventures"" than firearm accidents nationally and in Florida.  "
" Texas leads ""the nation in the percentage of residents without health insurance."""
" ""We’ve saved over $100 million of (health care) costs"" in Milwaukee County. ""I did that."""
" George Allen voted for budgets that increased the national debt by $16,400 for every second he served in the U.S. Senate."
" ""New England already has access to ample supplies of natural gas."""
 A test last month at the MAX station at 162nd Avenue and East Burnside saw crime down 41 percent compared with December 2009
" ""Some of the men serving in the (Afghan) armed forces have never driven a vehicle before."""
" that ""data from the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities suggest that the Texas budget gap is worse than New York’s, about as bad as California’s, but not quite up to New Jersey levels."""
" The impact of the 2010 federal health care legislation will be ""huge"" on Georgia."
" Under federal law, Jared Loughner ""would not have been able to buy a gun"" had he been identified as mentally ill."
" Between 2000 and 2006,  ""health insurance company profits quadrupled.""  "
" ""Between the year 2000 and 2006, (insurance) premiums in this country doubled."""
 he’s the first Aggie governor of Texas.
" ""The refusal of many federal employees to fly coach costs taxpayers $146 million annually."""
" that before health care reform, one of every three health care dollars spent -- more than $800 billion a year -- didn't go for health care."
" ""This kind of snowstorm happens every 10 or 15 years."""
" ""Every dropout costs us $72,000 for the life of that person."""
" The health care reform law ""offset[s] 6 years of benefits with 10 years of tax increases."""
"TriMet is ""spending 4.2 million in fed funds to save $168K per year."" "
" ""On average, Americans spend less than 10 percent of their disposable income on food. Compare that to folks in Mexico, who spend 22 percent, China, 28 percent and Russia, 37 percent."""
" Virginia ranked 35th in job creation in 2009 under Gov. Tim Kaine, and moved up to third for 2010, while McDonnell has been in office. "
" ""Whether you like to admit it or not, half our general revenue goes to education."""
" ""A record number of Hispanics were elected to the U.S House of Representatives..."""
" ""When we look at the number of murders in the United States (in) 2009, we had 9,500 people murdered. When we look around the world, we see ... large countries, the U.K., Germany, Japan had 200 or less killed in a year."""
 she condemned violence at a campaign stop in Arizona in March.
" Ohio taxpayers spent more than $67 million ""for the year"" on food stamps and Medicaid for Wal-Mart workers"
"""Saturday's shootings reflect a disturbing trend. Mass shootings have become commonplace since the Virginia Tech massacre in 2007. There have been dozens of incidents where three or more people have been fatally wounded. Hundreds have died."" "
" he ""had to impose tougher cost controls on state employees than"" any previous Wisconsin governor."
" ""Following the 2009 session,"" Texas House Speaker Joe Straus ""was acknowledged and ‘thanked’ for his ‘tireless efforts’ by Planned Parenthood, the nation’s premier abortion provider."""
" Georgia lawmakers fuel up for the session by feasting on ""wild"" hogs."
" the person who Florida U.S. Rep. Allen West first hired as chief of staff told people attending a Tea Party rally that, 'We will use bullets if ballots don't work.'"
 Obama’s mid-term approval ratings are similar to other presidents who went on to re-election.  
" ""In my 12 years in the House, I have watched my district go from a solidly Democratic district to a heavily solid Republican district."""
" ""Our spending has caught up with us, and our debt soon will eclipse the entire size of our national economy."""
 New provisions of the health care law bar the use of flexible spending accounts and health savings accounts to pay for aspirin and other non-prescription health needs. 
 The state is able to sharply curtail contract bargaining rights for state employee unions.
" ""The richest 1 percent of America will get a bigger tax cut through this bill than the family income of the average family here in Central Texas."""
" the 3C Corridor train would have taken  ""an hour and 15 minutes longer"" to carry passengers across Ohio ""than it would have taken on a New York Central train in 1935."""
" ""There hasn't really been a lot of net growth in the federal workforce when you compare it to say, 1990."""
" ""It's taken more time to complete the Towpath Trail than it did to build the (Ohio & Erie) Canal."""
" ""More than 125 jobs have been created"" at the Milwaukee Job Corps Center."
 State governments have little ability to stimulate job growth in the short run.
" ""I never proposed privatizing the (Milwaukee County) airport."""
 The city of Atlanta has $56 million in its reserves.
" ""We're worse than a Third World country in terms of water quality and the way we treat our sewage."""
" ""Rhode Island has the highest percentage of uninsured adults of any state in New England."""
" ""In 1998, nearly half of Florida's fourth-graders were functionally illiterate. Today, 72% of them can read."""
"""We have the highest (corporate tax rates) in the world right now."" "
" ""We are one of only two states to have eight consecutive months of declining unemployment. Twenty-one states had increased unemployment last month. Ours went down."""
 Proposed federal regulations would affect every street sign in the country
" ""there is a plan formulated by Chair (Lynn) Peterson and the cities in Clackamas County to further increase this fee in three years and split it up on projects between the county and cities."""
" ""In 1981, Matagorda, Brazoria, and Galveston Counties all opted out of the Social Security program for their employees. Today, their program is very, very well-funded and there is no question about whether it’s going to be funded in"" years to come."
" The tax-cut deal ""adds more than $800 billion to the deficit over two years -- more than the cost of TARP and more than the cost of the Recovery Act"" and about the same as health care reform."
" Texas ""children may have a teacher who never spent one minute practicing teaching."""
" ""Over 80 percent of the people want the shot to vote"" on whether to approve same-sex marriage, according to polls."
" ""All but one of the 50 states already have some form of a balanced budget amendment in their state constitutions."""
" House Speaker Dean Cannon says that freshmen lawmakers account for one-third of the 120-member House, and that two-thirds of the chamber have two years or less experience."
 Four out of 10 homicides are committed by gun in this city.
" ""Sen. Joe Biden, the ranking member of the Foreign Relations Committee, recommended partitioning Iraq into three separate entities."""
" ""We have dozens of districts that go for 150 to 200 miles, splitting counties, splintering cities and connecting areas that have very little in common."""
" ""You can go to Georgia and make about $6,000 more a year as a teacher.""  "
" ""CEOs now earn 431 times what their workers earn."""
" that ""on average, Democratic congressional districts received 81 percent more stimulus funds than Republican districts."""
" The Milwaukee business community ""did not speak about the facts"" -- and in support of train manufacturer Talgo -- as the Milwaukee-Madison rail link was being killed."
" Once people become citizens under the DREAM Act ""and turn 21, they can sponsor their illegal immigrant parents for legalization."""
" Earmarks requested in a federal spending bill included  ""$277,000 for potato pest management in Wisconsin."""
" TSA ""started off with 16,500 screeners and the agency has mushroomed to 67,000 employees with 3,590 administrative people ... making over $105,000 per year on average."""
" Right-to-work states ""have higher rates of income growth."""
" ""Every student paying out-of-state tuition actually covers more than the cost of instruction."""
" that in his first 17 months as president, the United States doubled its world-leading $500 million a year commitment to fighting global AIDS."
" ""We are the only state in the country that state employees don't contribute [to their pensions]."""
" ""When Social Security was passed, there were all kinds of lawsuits,"" just as there have been in the legal battle over the new health care law."
 Mt. Hood Community College is No. 1 on average and top faculty pay and benefits. 
" ""One in 19 Americans today get SSDI or SSI. That's one in 19 Americans (who) are disabled."""
" Under the compromise tax agreement, ""99.7% of American families will not pay 1 nickel in an estate tax."""
" The Atlanta Braves are ""the oldest continuously operating professional sports franchise in America."""
"""Barack Obama is in an economy that's only worsened since he's been president of the United States."" "
" ""A 5 percent increase in domestic production would increase the world supply by less than 1 percent and do almost nothing to our dependence on foreign oil. This would also have virtually no effect on the price of gas at the pump.""  "
" ""Sixteen [federal] programs exist to fight homelessness"" and some of them are duplicative."
" Jim Renacci ran against the Washington establishment in the election, but is now ""hypocritically embracing it with big money, special interest fundraisers."""
 Rhode Island spends less than 10 percent of what the average state spends promoting tourism.
" The Bush-era tax cuts failed to increase employment and ""work-force participation fell in 2001 and has never returned to the record level set in 2000.""  "
" The state has ""less employees this year than we did last year."""
" In 2007, ""the top 1 percent of all income earners in the United States made 23.5 percent of all income,"" which is ""more than the entire bottom 50 percent."""
" Oregonians have an ""amazing no-cost way to fight abortion"" with free political donations"
" ""An overwhelming majority of Americans support passage of the DREAM Act, which would provide a path to citizenship for undocumented youth willing to work for a college degree or serve in our armed forces."""
" ""Historically,"" Senate ratification of arms control treaties ""has been bipartisan."""
" ""I think [a little] less than half of the people in our prisons are in there for less than a year.  ... We have people who are check kiters and don't pay child support and we are locking them up in the state pen."""
 The national debt grew an estimated $15 billion last weekend.
" When it comes to the state deficit, Wisconsin is ""proportionally in as much trouble as the State of California."""
" ""Ohio is losing over 700 family farms a year, some of them just to pay the inheritance tax."""
" ""150,000 (oil spill) claims have been filed by Floridians, but only 40 percent of them have been paid."""
" The U.S. ""had the opportunity with Israel coming and talking to us about improving our security screening procedures, and we turned them down.""  "
" ""They tried to give us $400 million to build a high-speed train that goes 39 miles an hour."""
 the military accounts for about 10 percent of Florida's economy.
" ""There are polls showing right now that the American people for the most part think it's a bad idea to provide tax cuts to the wealthy."""
" Republicans ""created a trillion dollar prescription drug entitlement program without paying for it."" "
" ""It’s illegal for a state to say we’re simply going to cut off (union contract) negotiations. There’s a legal requirement that you are involved in good faith bargaining."""
" ""Understand, this is unemployment insurance. It’s not welfare, as a lot of my Republican colleagues like to suggest it is. You pay into it when you’re working. You get help when you’re not."""
 The city of Atlanta ranks 25th among U.S. cities with the highest crime rates.
" ""The senior senator from Arizona (John McCain) said he couldn't support repealing 'don't ask, don't tell' because of the economy."""
" The Pentagon's survey about the ""Don't Ask, Don't Tell"" policy found that 92 percent of service members ""agree that they could serve ... in a unit in combat"" without compromising ""mission readiness."""
" In Wisconsin, ""6.2 percent of the population is black yet 24 percent of all state abortions are on African-Americans."""
" ""Barack Obama's health care bill is nothing new. Mitt Romney signed one just like it four years before."""
" Measures taken by my administration ""have saved taxpayers $1 billion."""
" more than $3.5 billion in state revenue that is supposed to be dedicated to basic needs and functions is being diverted to ""make the books look balanced."""
 Said Republicans made historic gains in state legislatures during last month’s election
" ""Refinanced $232.6 million in bonds, resulting in reduced debt service for the City."""
" the CBO estimates that fully extending the Bush tax cuts would add 600,000-1.4 million jobs in 2011 and 900,000-2.7 million jobs in 2012."
" ""I have won more elections than any chairman since 1938."""
" In ""the fall of 2009, only 21 percent of Texas high school graduates enrolled in a four-year public university."""
"Providence teachers ""can go five or six years without an evaluation."" "
" Hillsborough's Public Transportation Commission has ""a rule that says cabbies have to wear socks. I mean, please. Come on."""
" ""The tuitions in Virginia colleges...have doubled -- 100 percent -- in the last 10 years."""
" In Wisconsin, ""deaths from domestic violence are at the highest in 10 years."""
" A ban on earmarks greatly weakens the authority Congress has over spending, to the benefit of the executive branch."
" Low-flow toilets ""can cost homeowners up to $1,000 each."""
" ""No family earns too much to qualify"" for Oregon Healthy Kids program."
" ""Over half of the foreign-born population in Rhode Island is white."""
" ""The Republican plan for tax cuts is to give each millionaire -- the top 1 percent of income in this country -- $83,347 a year in tax cuts."""
" ""Ohio ranks 46th in the country in putting dollars in the classroom."""
" Said the Washington Post argued that a failure to pass the START treaty this year would be ""no calamity,"" and that the Associated Press said ""the administration concedes the security risk is not immediate."""
" ""We were one of the first states in the U.S. to build sewers, to bring the treatment plant on line."""
" ""Oregon, once again, remains among the top five hungriest states in the nation."""
" the Texas House has ""a record number of new members joining our ranks."""
" ""We (Democrats) have made steady progress creating jobs and improving our schools."""
" the House Rules Committee is the only panel, other than the Intelligence and Ethics committees, not able to telecast proceedings in its main hearing room."
" ""More people hunt and fish in Texas in a given year than attend the... games of the Dallas Cowboys, the Dallas Mavericks, the Houston Texans and the Houston Rockets combined."""
" ""Seven more people will die each and every day until the Legislature ratifies these (pain clinic) rules that are being approved by the Board of Medicine and the Department of Health."""
" Since the Fed was created in 1913, ""the U.S. Dollar has lost 98% of its purchasing power."" "
" President Obama has grown the federal government payroll by 141,000 workers and wants to add 125,000 more."
" ""Demand for transportation choice is on the rise, with 14 percent more Ohioans riding passenger trains over the past year."""
" The health care reform law ""reduces the deficit by nearly $1.2 trillion over the next two decades."" "
" Regulations are an ""endemic weakness in government -- so old that Thomas Jefferson listed this problem among his charges against the King of England in the Declaration of Independence."""
" More than 10 years of free trade ""has brought a $2 billion per day trade deficit."""
" ""Because of (U.S. Sen.-elect Ron) Johnson’s leadership, Senate Republicans adopted a caucus ban on earmarks."""
" ""Over the course of one four-year term, it costs taxpayers more than $1 million simply to operate"" the governor’s mansion."
" ""The law, right now, permits companies that close down American factories and offices and move those jobs overseas to take a tax deduction for the costs associated with moving the jobs to China or India or wherever."""
 The U.S. House rule barring members from wearing hats while in session dates back to the 1800s and can be waived by the speaker.  
" ""The (Ohio) economy is on the mend. … It is in better shape than it was when we took office."""
" The dollar ""has fallen over 44% since Bernanke began pumping money into the system beginning back in 2002.""  "
 Oregon ranks 30th in the nation with regard to its incarceration rate.
" ""Eliminating earmarks does not reduce spending."""
" The radiation coming from the new TSA body scanners is ""equivalent to about three minutes' worth of air travel by anybody, say, at 30,000 feet."""
" Texas leads ""the country in drunk driving fatalities."""
" ""Since the first of the year, 153 businesses at last count had moved out of California to Texas."""
"A proposal to reduce the deficit ""involved large tax cuts for the top bracket."" "
" ""Congressman Ryan has secured a grand total of $116,838,763 to date (for the Mahoning Valley) and has an additional $27,095,000 pending in FY2010 spending bills."""
"""Nobody has played clips over and over ... of President Obama (saying), 'If they bring a knife to the fight, we'll bring a gun.' ""  "
" ""The (federal) debt is growing by more than $4 billion a day."""
" ""We’ve been able to create about 60,000 net new jobs"" in Virginia since February."
" ""Re: (Marco) Rubio's support of earmark ban: In 2002 alone, he requested 37 earmarks worth $43 million."""
" ""This is the first time a party has picked up multiple seats during a regular election since the mid 1980s, making this the largest majority of any party in more than 25 years."""
" Sewer backups into basements caused the ""vast majority of the damage to homes and buildings"" in Milwaukee’s July floods, but federal flood insurance doesn’t cover them."
" ""We haven’t had control of the House for the last two years and it’s been malfunctioning. We had 109 sessions scheduled and held 49."""
" Federal spending is ""the highest it's been as a share of our economy in 60 years (and) revenue is the lowest it's been as a share of our economy in 60 years."""
" ""We now consume at the federal level 25 percent of the gross domestic product. Historically we were at 20 percent. So we've taken 5 percent away from the private sector."""
" Fort Hood near Killeen, Texas, is ""the largest military installation in the free world."""
" John Kasich says he won, despite ""12 visits by a president, somewhere between $45 (million) and $50 million (spent against him,) 500 paid volunteers in here calling me every name in the book, former presidents, first ladies and God-knows-who-else.""  "
" $65 billion ""would be added to the deficit if we keep the cuts for people on the highest incomes."" "
" ""My debt to GDP was the lowest or one of the lowest of modern presidents. My taxes to GDP was the lowest and my spending to GDP"" was too."
" Has created 60,000 net new jobs since taking office."
"""The Republican who was just elected governor of the great state of Florida paid his campaign staffers, not with money, but with American Express gift cards."" "
" ""It is a commitment voters take very seriously: The only incumbent in Ohio to break his Pledge and vote for Ted Strickland's income tax hike was defeated soundly on Tuesday."" "
 Georgia's high school graduation rate topped 80 percent in 2010. 
 Oregon’s budget has grown by 49 percent in just four years.
" Republican plan to extend Bush tax cuts ""would double deficit projections going forward for the next couple of decades."" "
 that the federal gas tax has not been raised since 1993. 
" As mayor, Barrett led efforts to redevelop the Menomonee Valley, ""which now supports nearly 4,000 jobs in Wisconsin."" "
" he's arrested more criminals, ""including thousands of child predators and sex offenders,"" than any previous Texas attorney general."
" Electric utility FirstEnergy's annual revenues are greater ""than the GDP of Haiti, Kyrgyzstan, Iceland, or 15 African nations."" "
" ""One of the interesting things about the Recovery Act was most of the projects came in under budget, faster than expected, because there's just not a lot of work there."" "
" In 2011, Milwaukee Public Schools ""will provide 77 cents in employee benefits for every dollar it spends on wages."" "
" ""Animal abuse is often an indicative trait of future acts of violence against humans."" "
" ""I had five of my citizens that were killed last week"" because of border security problems."
" ""The amount of the revenue required by the state (for the construction of high-speed rail) is around 10 percent."" "
that the new financial services law requires 358 regulatory filings.   
 Georgia and other states with weak gun laws have more crime. 
" ""The interest on the debt now is going to approach in the next couple of years ... what we spend in the national defense budget."" "
" ""Georgia has the second-highest rate of childhood obesity in the United States."" "
" ""The budget submitted by Obama will add more to the debt than the outstanding debt of the previous 43 presidents combined.""  "
" ""6 percent more Republicans across the state voted than Democrats."" "
" ""Mr. Hurt would re-open that darn (Medicare) doughnut hole."" "
" Washington state has ""consistently ranked in the top five in the Forbes list of best states to do business — ahead of Texas."""
 The Fulton County vote count will be finished by 11:30 p.m. on election night. 
" ""Mr. Renacci was registered as a foreign trade lobbyist in the United States government."" "
" ""Scott Walker wants to ban common forms of birth control, including the pill."" "
" that under Gov. Rick Perry, Texas Department of Public Safety troopers have had ""standing orders"" not to inquire into the immigration status of people unless they're under arrest."
 Steve Spinnett has court judgments against him for trespass and harassment. 
" John Raese said he wants ""1,000 laser systems put in the sky, and we need it right now."" "
" Members of Congress did not have three days to read the bill ""when the stimulus was rushed into law."""
" ""(John) Kasich was the architect who balanced the budget, cut spending, created a surplus, igniting record job creation."" "
" ""Liberal out-of-state special interests are spending millions on 5 and 6 to change the way Florida draws its congressional and legislative districts."""
"As state treasurer, Alexi Giannoulias ""lost $73 million in our kids’ college savings."" "
" ""The Republican leader of the Senate said his main goal after this election is simply to win the next one."" "
" ""Congressman Perriello voted in lock step with Nancy Pelosi 90 percent of the time."" "
" four Democratic state senators voted to ""raise taxes on Wisconsin workers by another $510 a month so freeloaders can get free state-run health care."" "
" ""Richard Devlin raised your taxes by $1 billion in a single day."" "
" ""We're spending $1 trillion a year on our foreign policy."" "
" She ""led the fight to stop health insurance rate hikes and saved Rhode Island families over $150 million."" "
" ""Rigell's car dealership made over $400,000 off the ‘Cash for Clunkers’ bailout."" "
" Lizbeth Benacquisto's supporters ""would make (abortion) illegal in all cases, including rape, incest, even to save a woman's life."" "
" Sen. Harry Reid voted ""against declaring English our national language, twice."" "
" ""Decorated Marine, two-tour Iraq war vet."" "
 Will Rasmussen falsely claimed he had lived in the West Linn district for about a year. 
" ""We have empowered state insurance commissioners to review the rate hikes that are taking place in states. And in some states like North Carolina, they have already used it and rolled back premium increases by 25 percent."" "
" ""Sen. McConnell offered a fully paid two-month extension of unemployment insurance."""
" ""Before we even passed health care, 4 millions kids got health insurance that didn't have it before, through the Children's Health Insurance Program."" "
" Stabilizing the recent financial crisis ""will cost less than 1 percent of GDP,"" which is less than the 2.5 percent to fix the savings and loan crisis of the 1980s. "
" ""Most of the jobs that we lost were lost before the economic policies we put in place had any effect."" "
" Bill Heller ""raises taxes. Property taxes. Small business taxes. He even wants to tax the Internet. Mr. Heller said no to balancing the federal budget, that puts more debt on our kids."" "
" Company may close, ""all because government essentially says if they don't hire a lifeguard to watch their workers, they can't stay open."" "
" ""Most"" of the newspapers that endorsed Alex Sink also endorsed Barack Obama. "
" The health care bill ""cuts the deficit by over $1 trillion dollars."" "
"Rick Boucher ""helped write"" the cap-and-trade bill "
" ""Donna Campbell has called for ending all federal funding for education"""
" Of the more than 1.3 million temporary mortgage modifications, over half have defaulted.   "
" As CEO of WWE, Linda McMahon ""was caught tipping off a ringside physician"" about a federal investigation into illegally distributing steroids to wrestlers. "
" ""Many of the companies bankrolling the ad campaign against Amendment 4 are recipients of a congressional bailout, in the form of humongous tax refunds earlier this year."" "
 Scott Bruun supports allowing corporations to secretly funnel millions of dollars to front groups to finance attack ads.  
" ""Your tellers were paid kickbacks for directing elderly consumers from ... safe deposits to risky ones."" "
" The lawyer who brought the case against NationsBank said ""publicly that Alex Sink had nothing to do with the case, had nothing to do with the situation and didn't know about the problems."" "
" ""Scott Walker wants to make abortion illegal, even in cases of rape, incest or to protect the life of the mother."" "
"Lloyd Doggett voted for the health care, stimulus and cap-and-trade bills. "
 Darryl Hicks had seven ethics violations and didn't pay most of the fines. 
 Peter DeFazio votes with Nancy Pelosi 86 percent of the time. 
" ""More private-sector jobs were created in the first eight months of 2010 than in the eight years of the Bush administration."" "
" ""Scott Walker favors cutting up to 350,000 families and children off health care."" "
" ""Georgia had the worst job losses in state history under GOP watch."" "
" ""More Texans have new jobs today than the entire population of Fort Worth."""
" ""I am very proud, as governor of Florida, that we signed the first divestment act, as it relates to Iran, divesting any investments in companies that would invest in Iran."" "
" Marco Rubio said that ""people who essentially don't agree with him, ought to leave the country, like Keith Olbermann."" "
" ""There currently are 825,000 student stations sitting empty across Florida in every district and at every grade level."" "
" ""What is the maximum number of students allowed in your classroom? ... 30 or more!""   "
" Lizbeth Benacquisto ""broke election law 105 times, hiding special interest contributors."" "
"  ""John Loughlin voted to let people accused of domestic violence keep their guns.""  "
" Leah ""Vukmir supports allowing people to carry concealed weapons into day care centers, churches, health care clinics and playgrounds."" "
"Jerry Brown ""gave California state employees collective bargaining powers"" and ""now, state employees can retire at 55 with much of their salary for life."" "
" ""There are 100 members of the U.S. Senate. Fifty-seven of them, including Russ Feingold, are lawyers. There are zero manufacturers and one accountant."" "
" Ron Johnson ""likes to say there are too many lawyers in the Senate – 57. He’d be the 70th millionaire.""  "
" ""Rick Perry has become a millionaire on the public payroll."""
" ""Since 2000, when he entered politics, Jon Husted has been on the ballot six times for three different political offices."" "
 Republican candidate for governor Nathan Deal fought to weaken Georgia's rape shield law. 
" ""You worked hard for your money and you paid your taxes when you earned it. Now, (Indiana Republican congressional candidate) Todd Young wants to tax it again when you spend it."" "
"""Carly Fiorina, she's against banning assault weapons."" "
" Tom Ganley has ""two F's from the Better Business Bureau"" and ""over 160 complaints in just three years."" "
" Pat Toomey ""still supports privatizing Social Security."" "
" The Seattle Times called Patty Murray ""a 'prolific sponsor of earmarks.' Patty even defended the 'Bridge to Nowhere.' "" "
" Republican Reid Ribble says stimulus bill failed to jumpstart the economy, but his ""roofing company made almost $300,000 off stimulus funded projects."" "
" Rand Paul wants ""to end all federal faith-based initiatives, and even end the deduction for religious charities."" "
" Ken Buck wants to ""outlaw abortion, even in cases of rape or incest."" "
" ""Roy Barnes proclaimed Mexican workers good for Georgia."" "
 His biography says he was the top ROTC officer in the nation. 
" ""If you want to see the jobs that I've saved and created in this storm he helped create, go anywhere in Ohio."" "
" he's so bipartisan that ""12 of my bills were signed into law by Democratic President Bill Clinton."" "
" John Kitzhaber created 128,000 new jobs while governor. "
 gas pumps in different parts of Texas are missing state inspection stickers and/or their inspections are out of date--and that's cheating consumers.
" ""John Boozman is excited about putting a 23 percent national sales tax on everything you buy."" "
" ""Sharron Angle voted to protect sex offenders."" "
" Scott Walker ""eliminated his own office of economic development in the middle of this recession."" "
 Chris Dudley thinks Oregon’s minimum wage is too high. 
 Georgia lawmakers balanced the budget without raising taxes on residents. 
" Tom Ganley has been ""sued over 400 times, for fraud, discrimination and more,"" and ""a judge called Tom Ganley's business practices ""deceptive and unconscionable."" "
 New Castle County's unemployment rate has not almost doubled in the last two years. 
" John Raese's wife ""is registered to vote in Florida so she can't even vote for him."" "
" Rick Perry told students he couldn't attend a gubernatorial forum due to scheduling conflicts, then on forum day ""tweeted that he'd just been running with his dog."""
" David Wu has presided over ""137 months"" in which ""Oregon's unemployment rate has been above the national average."" "
" Lincoln Chafee ""settled a union strike by giving the teachers a 19-percent-raise."" "
" ""One man (New Castle, Del., County Executive, Chris Coons) thought property taxes should be hiked almost 50 percent."" "
" ""(Strickland) raised taxes last year to the tune of $840 million."" "
" ""Houston suffered $1.7 billion in operating losses under Mayor Bill White."" "
" Illinois gubernatorial candidate Bill Brady's first priority after winning the primary ""was to sponsor a bill that would mass-euthanize sheltered dogs and cats in gas chambers."" "
"Just like the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, ""the AFL-CIO receives dues from foreign entities associated with it."" "
"  ""Never once did they (House Republicans) actually cut spending or reduce the state budget. Even when they cut taxes in 2005, they increased spending.  They never paid for their tax cuts.""   "
" Taking the Fifth Amendment in a deposition about the Columbia/HCA hospital chain he founded ""means a truthful answer to the questions that (Rick Scott) was asked would incriminate him."" "
 Rick Scott gave a deposition in which he invoked the Fifth Amendment 75 times about his dealings as head of Columbia/HCA hospital chain 
" In ad attacking Rick Scott, says three executives of the Columbia/HCA hospital chain he ran were indicted. "
" ""According to independent analysis, unfair trade deals have resulted in the loss of over 64,000 jobs in Wisconsin ... But Ron Johnson favors those deals."" "
" Said state insurance commissioner candidate Ralph Hudgens ""fights hard"" to strip women of life-saving coverage such as mammograms. "
" ""Groups that receive foreign money are spending huge sums to influence American elections."" "
" Since the stimulus package was passed, ""Ohio’s lost over 100,000 more jobs."" "
" ""For the first time in history, Wisconsin has more government jobs than manufacturing jobs."" "
" Said he ""opposed every budget Republican and Democrat."" "
"When Roy Barnes was governor, ""Georgia created 235,000 jobs."""
" the Texas Department of Agriculture seeks to purchase up to 300,000 promotional stress balls.   "
" ""The years that I was speaker, the Florida House consistently offered leaner budgets than the governor offered."" "
" Rand Paul ""wants us to pay $2,000 just to get Medicare."" "
" ""Rep. Jim Weidner proposed a bill taking away health care for 80,000 of Oregon's children."" "
" ""I said no to these big bank bailouts."""
" Dan Webster ""would force victims of rape and incest to bear their attacker's child."" "
"""Since Debbie Halvorson has been in politics, Illinois has lost hundreds of thousands of jobs."" "
" ""the Texas unemployment rate has even grown more than the nation's as a whole."" "
" ""Webster sponsored a bill to create a form of marriage that would trap women in abusive relationships."" "
" Marco Rubio ""wants to raise the Social Security retirement age,"" and ""cut benefits."" "
" ""Newspapers say Florida made bad investments, lost hundreds of millions of dollars, billions in pension funds lost. Who was in charge of Florida's investments? Alex Sink."" "
" Since being elected in 2002, Scott Walker has ""given back over $370,000 of his salary to the county."" "
" ""Rhode Island has a very generous unemployment compensation rate compared to most other states."" "
" Lee Fisher ""wanted a $1.1 billion tax increase which could have driven countless jobs out of state."" "
"  Roy Blunt ""secretly inserts language to benefit tobacco giant Philip Morris"" into a national security bill while ""Blunt's girlfriend and son are lobbyists for the cigarette company, and just days earlier, 26 Philip Morris executives wrote checks to Blunt totaling $23,000."" "
 Said that his batting average with Congress is higher than every other president since Dwight D. Eisenhower except Lyndon Johnson. 
"""We have SAT scores lower than that of Alabama."""
" ""Exit polls indicate that Democrats get over 70 percent of LGBT votes in federal elections."""
" Scott Bruun supports ""cutting the Department of Commerce and eliminating NOAA."" "
" Scott Bruun ""still believes in the same old direction that George Bush had before, which is to privatize Social Security."" "
" ""The Republican candidate [John Loughlin] has talked about privatizing Social Security ... so we know where he stands on the issue."" "
" U.S. Sen. Johnny Isakson ""has never proposed, nor voted in favor of, a substantial cut in federal spending"" and has voted for ""many substantial increases in federal spending."" "
" The Republican election platform ""was actually written with the help of a former lobbyist for AIG and a former lobbyist for Exxon-Mobil."" "
" When Tallahassee politicians and bureaucrats tried to run our schools, ""I've stood up to them to protect local control."" "
" ""An organized crime syndicate was extorting money from his (Tom Ganley’s) business, threatening his family, but he fought back and won the FBI's highest civilian award"" "
" Texas has ""a higher unemployment rate than neighboring states."""
" ""We now have our kids go to school about a month less than most other advanced countries."" "
" ""Twice as much (federal) money is going back to Hawaii, Virginia and Alaska than is coming home to Oregon."" "
" When each faced a pension funding crisis, Tom Barrett made tough choices and smart cuts while Scott Walker passed $400 million in pension debt to the next generation. "
" ""Pepper ... kicked off a jock tax, imposing a levy on the sports and entertainment industry."" "
" ""$30 million gap"" in stadium funding forced the Portland Beavers to leave. "
" Daniel Webster wants to make divorce illegal, even for abused wives."
 the U.S. Constitution provides for just compensation when land is taken under eminent domain. 
" with the ongoing economic downturn, child abuse is on the rise. "
" The GOP's ""Pledge to America"" includes ""a 20 percent cut ... for education. ... Eight million kids would have their college aid slashed under this budget."" "
" On Lee Fisher’s watch, ""almost nine out of 10"" jobs that Ohio lost were lost to other states, ""not to other countries."" "
" Zack Space voted for budgets and debt, energy taxes and the stimulus, and ""we still lost more than 2.5 million jobs."" "
" Kilmartin has helped pass laws to ""create a witness protection program."" "
 more than 2 million Oregonians have received important medical services because of his health plan. 
" ""Under Gov. Kitzhaber, unemployment rose 65 percent, state spending went up 57 percent and personal incomes declined compared to the rest of the country."" "
" ""Our county now has the fastest growing airport in America, attracting nearly 1,000 new private sector jobs."" "
" ""We've created more than 850,000 jobs, more than all the other states combined."""
" Children born today will carry a $30,000 share of the national debt. "
" ""We paid down the debt for four years -- paid down $600 billion on the national debt."" "
" ""Under Lee Fisher Ohio has lost nearly 400,000 jobs."" "
" ""The total number of dollars that passes through the Department of Development is like $900 million and like $650 (million) of it has nothing to do with development, which is breathtaking when you think about it."" "
" Marco Rubio ""opposes extending unemployment benefits."" "
" ""Our tax rates are lower now than they were under Ronald Reagan. They're much lower than they were under Dwight Eisenhower."""
" ""There's a big chunk of the country that thinks that I have been too soft on Wall Street."" "
" ""I have given $30,000 of my unused travel expenses over the years to supplement the school system's general budget."" "
" ""Florida spends more than $300 million a year just on children repeating pre-K through 3rd grade."" "
" ""Pat Toomey thinks corporations shouldn't pay any taxes."" "
" ""Julie Lassa willingly took a hefty pay raise at a time when people throughout her district and the state were losing their jobs."" "
" Roy Barnes ""made Georgia dead last in education"" and Georgia ""led the nation in job losses."" "
 the Austin chapter of the League of Women Voters has no Republicans among elected officers or on its debate committee. 
" ""Wisconsin is one of the highest taxed states in the nation."" "
 Ron Johnson’s company got government loans and a grant to help expand his business 
"""As the CEO of HP, Carly Fiorina laid off 30,000 workers."" "
 most of Perry's chiefs of staff have been lobbyists.
"""Taxes went down under Jerry Brown."" "
" ""Deepwater's own testimony . . . is they said they'll create six jobs."" "
" Ed Schultz said Alan Grayson is ""what it's all about."" "
" ""She created the Waste, Fraud and Mismanagement Hotline.... (that) has saved Wisconsin taxpayers hundreds of thousands of dollars."" "
" ""You can’t raise taxes in Ohio. We are one of the highest taxed states in the country."" "
" Taxpayers pay $18,000 a month for House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's district office in downtown San Francisco.  "
 Roy Barnes is like Barack Obama because they're both doing a lot of apologizing. 
" ""Over 22,000 unique Internet Protocol addresses -- in Wisconsin alone -- have downloaded child pornography."" "
" ""Florida ranks last in the ratio of employees to residents... And Florida is dead last in the nation in state employee payroll expenditures per resident."" "
" Clayton County has employed 1,300 people over the past seven months through the Neighborhood Stabilization Program. "
" Extending current tax rates would ""average more than $100,000 a year to millionaires and even billionaires."" "
" John Boehner wants to reopen a tax loophole ""that actually rewarded corporations for shipping jobs and profits overseas."" "
"""I don’t understand what Republicans are doing against this. It was their idea. John McCain introduced cap and trade legislation three times."" "
" ""While many of his colleagues turned down a $2,500 pay raise ... (Jeff) Plale pocketed the extra money."" "
" Jeff Weems' ""legal record is one of defending BP, Enron and just about every big oil company against the working man."" "
" Due to the war in Iraq, ""4,400 Americans are dead, 30,000 severely wounded and more than 100,000 are suffering from serious health problems related to post traumatic stress syndrome."""
"""He's the only candidate who's balanced budgets and brought jobs to Providence."" "
"""There have been more terrorist attacks on U.S. soil by ... Muslims in Obama's first 18 months in office than in the six years under Bush after he invaded Iraq."" "
" ""We've got to find 2 billion gallons (of water per day) between now and 2025."" "
"Proposed tax changes are a ""handout"" to BP. "
 state Rep. Diana Maldonado of Round Rock uses Craigslist to hire campaign block walkers. 
" ""I can put 10,000 people to work. Electricians, plumbers, sheet metal workers -- by retrofitting all of the state buildings for energy independence or efficiency."" "
" ""When these same Republicans –- including Mr. Boehner –- were in charge, the number of earmarks and pet projects went up, not down."" "
" ""For every dollar a county gets in taxes from new development, it costs us 40 to 50 percent more to provide services."" "
" ""On (Rob Portman's) watch as Bush's trade czar, our deficit with China exploded"" and ""as Bush's budget chief, Portman oversaw a spending spree that doubled the deficit."" "
 State Rep. Kristi Thibaut was an ACORN lobbyist.
" By releasing only basic tax information, former U.S. Congressman Nathan Deal is ""hiding more than he's disclosed"" about his business dealing with the state. "
"""The president's party always gets shellacked in midterms. It's only twice, 1934 and 2002, that the president's party actually gained in both the House and the Senate."" "
"Likens Obama's predicament to 1982, saying, ""when Reagan just started out, (unemployment was at) exactly the same point. He was two years into his term. The unemployment was well over 10 percent, and it did come out of it."" "
" ""My supporters aren't special interest groups in Madison and Milwaukee."" "
" Georgia's U.S. senators voted for legislation that would ""gut clean air protections and increase oil dependence."" "
" Ohio today has the ""fewest number of state employees since the Reagan administration."" "
" the federal agency in charge of Medicare and Medicaid will disburse $803 billion in benefits this year, making ""it larger than all but 15 of the world's economies."""
" Jennifer Carroll's an ""outsider."" "
" Jennifer Carroll is the ""first African-American Republican woman to be part of a statewide ticket in Florida."" "
" ""Both the state and federal governments make more per gallon in gas taxes than the oil companies make themselves for doing all the work."" "
" ""Charlie Crist has six different positions on ObamaCare.""   "
" ""Buck wants to privatize Social Security.""   "
" ""More than half of our unemployed Ohioans have been out of work for six months or more."" "
" ""The states that actually have lots of teachers in teacher unions tend to be the states that have done the best in terms of academic success in this country.""   "
" Sharron Angle ""would eliminate the Department of Education."" "
" ""Florida is enjoying its lowest crime rate in 39 years."" "
" ""There is already a mosque four blocks away."" "
" ""The Great Lakes Compact has a loophole. And the loophole is that while you cannot remove the water in a big transport, you can remove it in containers of 5.7 gallons or less."" "
 a highway was closed in El Paso because of bullets flying across the border. 
" McDonald's in England only sells organic milk and free-range eggs, which provides more nutritious offerings than in the U.S. "
" ""When career politician Daniel Webster became speaker of the House, he wasted $32,000 of our money on a spiral staircase for his office."" "
" ""Florida is 49th in per capita spending on mental health care."" "
"""Forty-five percent of those who've been unemployed, they've been unemployed for six months or longer."" "
" Under the new health care law, ""if a landscaper wants to buy a new lawnmower, or a restaurant needs a new ice-maker, they have to report that to the feds."" "
" Michael Thurmond ""authored major legislation that has provided more than $250 million in tax relief to Georgia’s senior citizens and working families."" "
" ""We spend more money on health care per capita in the United States than any other country in the world. Of the 30 developed countries in the world, we spend 2 1/2 times more than the average. Of the country that spends the second most per capita, Switzerland, we spend 175 percent more."" "
" ""1 in 4 Rhode Islanders under the age of 65 does not have health insurance.""   "
" ""In this country, we have a 25 percent dropout rate."" "
"""The IRS filed an $11,000 lien against (Allen) West for back taxes. Three liens were placed on his home for unpaid bills, and a judge ordered West to pay over $5,000 for past due credit card bills."" "
" ""We have 50 state lobbyists that just lobby the Legislature for money every year."" "
"""The federal government is now on track"" for the second-largest budget deficit ""in 65 years."" "
" The DeWine campaign is ""receiving money from so many more people. (Cordray's) money is coming almost exclusively from the party, labor unions, and special counsel that he has given business to."" "
" In Rhode Island ""there are 150 different pension plans for public workers."" "
" ""(I) helped to invent a system that saved over a billion dollars on welfare."" "
" Gov. Rick Perry ""has overseen the highest Texas unemployment in 22 years."""
" ""(Jeff) Atwater's bank was so weak that just a few months ago it was shut down by the FDIC."" "
" ""Jim Renacci cheated on his income taxes"" and is a ""deadbeat citizen."" "
" Kendrick Meek claims he's the only candidate who said Sonia Sotomayor ""will make an excellent Supreme Court justice."" "
" The United States is ""50th in life expectancy"" in the world. "
" ""Since February 2009, the private sector has lost millions of jobs while the federal government has grown by hundreds of thousands of workers."" "
" ""Taxpayer money will provide iPod Touch devices to high school students in Utah, BlackBerry smart phones to smokers who kick the habit and funding for a study of exotic ants in East Africa."""
" U.S. Rep. Jim Marshall (D-Ga.) refuses to return $37,000 in ""dirty"" campaign contributions from U.S. Rep. Charles Rangel (D-N.Y.) "
 Barack Obama didn't keep his promise to have an immigration bill in his first year.
" ""The Republicans have 2 percent of the Muslim vote.'' "
" ""Seventy bills [Kendrick Meek] authored, not one of them has passed.""   "
" ""In 2008 (Mandel) was re-elected to a second term, representing a district with a 2:1 Democrat to Republican voter ratio."" "
" Republican candidate for Georgia governor ""dabbled"" in birther conspiracy theories. "
 Rick Perry's proposal on driver licenses and high school dropouts has been state law since 1989. 
" ""More than three-quarters of the oil is gone."" "
" ""U.S. taxpayers are being forced to fund Feisal Abdul Rauf’s trip to the Middle East."" "
" ""Jim Renacci supports a national sales tax of 23 percent."" "
" ""Most AGs don't go to court..""   "
" ""Over 80 percent of our trade deficit today is with countries that are not trade agreement partners, that are not level playing fields for the United States."" "
" Rhode Island is ""at the top of the country for alcohol-related fatalities."" "
 Republicans tried to block the deficit commission. 
" ""Warren Buffett called credit default swaps financial weapons of mass destruction. And Greene was the first individual to use them."""
" ""We have over 700,000 illegal immigrants in the state. They're costing us billions of dollars and they're taking legal residents' jobs."" "
" ""Since the president became the president, we have lost 3.3 million jobs in the private sector. But you know who's done OK and who's not complaining today? The public sector. We've gained 590,000 public sector jobs."" "
" ""It is wrong for the average federal worker today to make more than $100,000 while the average private-sector worker makes less than $70,000."" "
" The United States is ""number 14, number 15"" in college graduation rates, and ""we're leading the world in high school dropout rates."" "
" ""In 1935, more than 50% of the elderly population lived in poverty. Today that poverty rate stands officially at 9.4%.""   "
" ""Unemployment for those with college educations is now 4.5 percent. Unemployment for those with more than a college education, below 4 percent."" "
" Said he won the Democratic primary ""without one ... negative TV spot."" "
" ""The unemployment rate for folks who've never gone to college is almost double what it is for those who have."""
Obama's approval numbers 'are in the low 40s.' 
" This year, Newt Gingrich ""has raised as much money as Mitt Romney, Tim Pawlenty, Sarah Palin, and Mike Huckabee combined."" "
" Kathryn Starkey ""only attended half of those meetings.""   "
" Kathryn Starkey ""aided and abetted the continued taxation on residents’ properties over 70 percent of the time by seconding motions and voting to keep the millage rate the same."" "
" Republicans are now ""taking credit"" for provisions of the health care bill ""that they had tried to derail.""   "
" The United States accounted for 26 percent of worldwide military spending during the Cold War, but now accounts for 41 percent. "
" ""We are amassing most of our military strength in a country where fewer than 100 members of al Qaeda remain."" "
" Democrat Hank Gilbert ""has a criminal conviction for theft, has multiple years of unpaid taxes, has multiple tax liens and fines, unsafe driving convictions (and) has recently been accused of taking a bribe and is on record lying to the press this year about his criminal record."" "
"""We know that tax cuts are remarkably un-stimulative when you compare them with different kinds of government spending."" "
"""The overall fact about illegal immigration is that it's not actually getting worse."" "
" Hank Johnson voted against legislation to help ""first responders, teachers, vets and troops."" "
" ""The state budget has gone up over 80 percent under Rick Perry."" "
" ""I've taken on the federal government and won."" "
" ""The border security plan of Sens. McCain and Kyl called for 3,000 additional troops to keep us safe. President Obama says he'll send 524."" "
" ""I’ve even cut my own salary -- twice."" "
" Exporters are using a federal loophole to ""deceptively sell products made from cat and dog fur"" to U.S. consumers. "
" ""If we ban the practice of earmarks, we could save the American taxpayer anywhere between $15 (billion) to $20 billion dollars a year in pork-barrel spending.""   "
" About 106,000 soldiers had ""a prescription of three weeks or more"" for pain, depression or anxiety medication. "
" ""Last year, we borrowed $1.4 trillion -- or 41 cents of every dollar we spent. Over half of this debt is held by foreign investors."" "
" ""Police officers in this state have that right,"" to check the immigration status of people they arrest. "
" ""There are currently delays of up to six months in the processing of DNA evidence at the state run crime lab."" "
" Repealing the sales tax on boats in Rhode Island has spawned 2,000 companies, 7,000 jobs and close to $2 billion a year in sales activity.  "
" ""In my attorney general's office, we've cut the budget 18 percent."" "
" ""People come here to have babies. They come here to drop a child. It's called 'drop and leave."" "
" Rob Portman has taken more than $125,000 from ""Big Oil."""
" ""Florida is now the No. 1 state in the country for automobile accident fraud."" "
" ""Harry Reid says he does more for Nevada. He's done more for unemployment. We were at 4.4 percent. Now we're at 14 percent. He's done more for the foreclosure rate. We have the highest foreclosure rate in the nation. He's done more for bankruptcy. We have the highest bankruptcy rate in the nation."" "
" Georgia has lost more than 124,000 jobs and the unemployment rate has increased since the stimulus passed "
" Because of violence spreading from Mexico, ""you’ve got bullets hitting the city hall in El Paso. You’ve got bombs exploding in El Paso."" "
" ""The Congressional Budget Office estimates that for every $1 we spend on unemployment benefits, $1.90 is put into our economy."" "
" ""In 2009, the Small Business & Entrepreneurship Council ranked Ohio 11th in the nation and 1st in the Midwest for overall business climate."" "
" ""Eight of the nine justices in the Supreme Court decision (on campaign finance) said that not only is it constitutional for Congress to require disclosure of the special interest money, but they recommend we do it."" "
" Republican candidate for governor ""Karen Handel has run a 100 percent negative campaign."" "
" House Democrats ""have a two-to-one advantage money-wise"" against House Republicans. "
" ""Ohio lost 400,000 jobs on his (Ted Strickland’s) watch."" "
"The Bush administration ""pulled the troops out of Afghanistan, pulled the resources away, because they wanted to invade Iraq instead."" "
" ""In Cobb County, every meeting opened with a prayer. The ACLU objected. Sued ... [Sam] Olens took on the ACLU and won!"" "
" Mortgage fraud is ""up 400 percent in the last five years."" "
" ""(Bill) McCollum also voted for numerous amendments to weaken the legislation, even voting to make trains less accessible to those in wheelchairs."" "
"During the recession, ""the consumer in his native perversity has begun to save. The savings rate is now 6.2 percent."" "
" President Barack Obama initially said the national health-care mandate isn't a tax, but his administration now says it is a tax."
 the director of NASA says its main mission is Muslim outreach. 
" Some cardiologists estimate ""70 percent of all males over 50 have some form of heart disease."" "
" ""Jeff Greene can buy anything"" ...  he owns two mansions. "
" ""In renewable and advanced energy manufacturing projects, Ohio now ranks first among the 50 states."" "
" ""The first professional baseball team was from an Ohio city."" "
" ""Today almost half our debt is owned by foreigners."" "
" For every $1 spent on afterschool programs, ""we can save over $5, almost $6, in crime costs down the line."" "
" Dave Aronberg ""was the first to demand that BP create a billion-dollar fund to pay for the devastation."" "
" ""Tim Pawlenty has cut education funding in Minnesota. Classrooms are overcrowded. Districts have gone to four-day school weeks."" "
" The president's budget ""would take ... non-defense spending to its lowest level ... as a percentage of the economy since JFK."" "
" ""In 2009, Yost spent 2.5 times more money than it took to run the (prosecutor’s) office before he got there."" "
"Over the last 10 years, incomes for the top 1 percent ""have grown."" Meanwhile, the bottom half of the country, ""they've seen their wages stagnate."" "
" ""There are more pain clinics in Broward County than there are McDonald's in Broward County."" "
" Democratic candidate Jeff Greene ""ran for Congress as a California Republican."" "
" Since the Democrats’ stimulus went into effect last year, Ohio has lost about 150,000 Jobs. "
 The Latino unemployment rate is higher than the white rate and the black rate is higher than the Latino rate. 
" ""For every dollar we put in unemployment, it pays back about $1.60."" "
" ""We've seen six months of positive job growth by the private sector."" "
" ""Ohio’s electricity rates are 10 percent below the national average."" "
" Bill White's program to bring dropouts back to school was ""so successful that almost every city in our state has replicated"" it. "
" ""My 7-step plan"" creates 700,000 jobs in 7 years. "
" Shirley Sherrod ""was forced to resign before anybody on Fox said a word about this."" "
" ""Jane Norton supported the largest tax hike in Colorado history."" "
" The ""state bureaucracy"" Jane Norton managed ""grew by $43 million in just three years."" "
" ""Ken Buck's (District Attorney's) office? His spending skyrocketed by 40 percent."" "
" In New Mexico, Democratic gubernatorial candidate Diane Denish ""spent federal stimulus funds on campaign Christmas cards."" "
" his office ""has already recovered over $2 billion from Wall Street for the workers, retirees, and investors who were harmed."" "
" ""Sometime in the next decade, there will be more Latinos in the state of Texas than there are Anglos. That will happen sometime in the next five to eight to ten years."" "
 Twenty-two million jobs were created during Clinton’s two terms but only 3 million during Bush’s. 
" ""We caught (the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality) lying to us about the results of air quality studies in the Barnett Shale."""
" Because of union rules, cooks helpers moved into DMV jobs they were not trained for "
" ""The Arizona law basically parrots the federal immigration law."" "
" ""Education Week rates Ohio schools in the top five in the nation."" "
"""In the 18th Congressional District, 100% of electric generation comes from coal."" "
" ""I think it is unacceptable for the Chinese today to be larger in wind power and in solar panels and photovoltaic manufacturing than all of Europe put together -- forget the United States."" "
"Marco Rubio's ""economic proposals will add $3.5 trillion to the federal deficit."" "
" ""Since 1904, the Ohio victor has won the presidency 25 out of 27 times "" "
" ""Have the suburbs been inundated with former residents of Atlanta housing projects? Absolutely not."" "
" ""The War in Afghanistan is officially the longest war Americans have ever been asked to endure."" "
" ""It turns out that Texas has an $18 billion budget shortfall and can't afford its new science textbooks."""
" The lieutenant governor has the power to be an ""economic ambassador"" and ""negotiate"" on economic development   "
"Democrats in the 1930s wanted President Franklin Roosevelt ""to be more conservative."" "
" By 12th grade, ""more than 3 out of 10 girls have been pregnant at least once."" "
" House Republicans who complained they didn't have enough time to consider a constitutional ban against oil drilling ""shoved through a proposal in just a few days to open state waters to oil drilling."" "
" Maurice Ferre says Kendrick Meek ""has voted 98.6 percent of the time with the Democrat party.""   "
" ""I never called for a partition"" of Iraq. "
" Opponent Holly Benson said that ""Just because you're poor doesn't mean you're unhealthy, it just means you have a lot more time to go running."" "
"Providence has ""the lowest crime rate in three decades."" "
" ""Rick Perry accepted more stimulus funds than any other governor except the governors of California and New York."" "
" As a Congressman, J.D. Hayworth was an avid earmarker who supported such pork as ""$220,000 to renovate a Maine Blueberry farm"" and ""$5.8 million for a Vermont snowmobile trail."" "
" ""Forty cents of every dollar being spent by the federal government is being borrowed from my children."" "
" ""Illegal aliens are costing Georgia taxpayers over a billion dollars every year."" "
" ""We had 2 percent of the global market (for advanced batteries) when he (Obama) started. We now have 16 percent, headed to 40 percent by 2015."" "
" ""Since February 2009, our economy has lost roughly 3 million private sector jobs while the federal government has grown by more than 400,000 jobs."" "
" ""We went from losing 3 million jobs in the last six months of the Bush Administration,"" adding almost 600,000 private sector jobs in the first six months of the year. "
" Texas has one state inspector for every 4,500 oil and gas wells. "
" ""$120,000 will be spent by taxpayers on Charlie Crist's political photo-op special session."" "
" ""Most"" of the Bush tax cuts went to people ""in the top 3 percent of this country."" "
 Secretary of State A. Ralph Mollis wrongly takes credit for small-business program 
" ""Gov. Crist has never wavered in his support of the Second Amendment, the right to bear arms."" "
" “In Rick Perry’s Texas, we import nurses ... from other countries.” "
" Under President George W. Bush, the U.S. had ""52 months of ... uninterrupted job creation"" and ""revenues were at an all-time high in 2007."" "
" Republicans extended unemployment insurance under President Bush ""when he asked to extend unemployment insurance."" "
"""Attorney General McCollum, Speaker-Designate Cannon, Senate President-Designate Haridopolos and I stood up to Governor Crist and worked to remove Jim Greer as Chairman because of his mismanagement of the party."" "
"""To say a family has to buy a product from a private company is clearly beyond the delegated powers of the U.S. Constitution."""
" ""Only about a third"" of Texans who enroll in college graduate."
"""Forty percent of the undocumented workers in this country"" entered the U.S. legally and ""overstayed their visa."" "
" ""John Oxendine is under a state ethics investigation because he illegally funneled more than $120,000 to his campaign from shady insurance political action committees in Alabama."" "
"The state Legislature attempted to ""outlaw stem cell research, passes bills about microchips in the brain, and talks about seceding from the Union."""
"""We spend three times more on entitlements and debt services than we do on defense."""
"The company I created, Point Judith Capital, ""is the only  venture capital firm in Rhode Island."""
"""Florida’s high school graduation rate falls well below the national average."""
"""At his father's bank, Alexi made tens of millions in risky loans to convicted mobsters. Then, the bank collapsed."" "
"""He (Kirk) did violate Pentagon rules, twice actually, for improperly mingling politics with his military service."""
"""Law enforcement in the state of Arizona supports"" the state's new immigration law."
“The insurance commissioner can’t do squat about health care.”
"""Today, Florida is in 50th place in spending on education."""
“We are picking up oil with shovels and paper and plastic bags.”
"""Crime is down in Arizona."""
"As a senator, Barack Obama supported ""an amendment that basically gutted the legal temporary worker program."""
"""You know, when this thing first hit, I signed a declaration of emergency for the six counties that were directly affected, impacted in the Panhandle, then I extended that not long thereafter down into Sarasota County."""
"""There are mechanisms in place to shut down the Internet privately."""
"""President Barack Obama has deported more people in his first year in office than George W. Bush in his last year in office."""
"Texas state Reps. Dan Branch and Jim Pitts, lieutenants to House Speaker Joe Straus,  “are helping Democrat Ellen Cohen against her Republican challenger,  doing events with her in her district.”"
"state Rep. Jim Keffer, a GOP lieutenant to House Speaker Joe Straus, ""did mail pieces for Democrat  Mark Strama to help him defeat"" a Republican."
"John McCain ""began his career in Washington as a lobbyist when he was appointed in 1976 as the Navy's liaison to the United States Senate."""
“I have filed every disclosure that has ever been required.”
Republican  lieutenants to House Speaker  Joe Straus “aired radio ads supporting  Democrat(ic state Rep.) Mark  Homer... helping the  Democrat to a narrow win.”
 Democrats say Chafee wants to tax equipment that enables amputee veterans to drive 
" ""We’re No. 1 in child hunger."""
"""I have spent virtually every weekend since Memorial Day in the Panhandle."""
"""Today, we have more boots on the ground near the Southwest border than at any time in our history."""
"""Georgia has the most  restrictive ballot access laws in the country.”"
"He ""stood up to Barack Obama by passing legislation that prevents you from being forced to join government health plans or buy health insurance against your will."""
"During the year Kagan barred military recruiters from Harvard Law School's Office of Career Services, ""military recruiting actually went up."""
"If Rhode Island applied a  1-percent sales tax on all items exempt from sales tax, ''the state  would receive an additional $89,376,857.''"
"""I have a record on the environment of creating green energy ... taking  trash and turning it into cash."""
"""In her first appellate argument, Ms. Kagan told the court that the speech and press guarantees in the First Amendment would allow the federal government to ban the publication of pamphlets discussing political issues before an election."""
"""The first time he ever voted as a Democrat was here in Florida in 2008. He only voted four times in his life, and he's asking Floridians to come out and vote for him."""
"It was President Obama's ""inaction that caused over three weeks to go by before he even approved the governor's plan to protect our marsh."""
"""The ABA's own criteria for a judicial nominee call for, among other things, at least 12 years' experience in the practice of law, and they mean actual practice of law."""
"Canada ""does spills into their water to practice in the event that this would happen. That is not allowed in the United States."""
" U.S. Rep. Michael McCaul is ""the sixth-richest person in Congress."""
"he ""fought against $3 billion in cuts to public education since 2003."""
"Gov. Rick Perry broke  his promise that he  would not accept a $40,000 pay increase."
"Langevin votes “the party  line about 98 percent of the time."""
" ""Ninety-six percent of the last session, (U.S. Rep. Henry Cuellar) voted with Nancy Pelosi."""
"""My opponent here has accepted money from Freddie Mac, Fannie Mae (and) hosted subprime mortgage seminars.""  "
"""Sen. George LeMieux voted to let oil companies off the hook and overturn pollution rules."" "
"""Every day, oil continues to pour into the Gulf of Mexico. ... Even with disaster on our coast..., Richard Burr voted to let big oil off the hook."" "
"“If every small  business in our state, on average, was able to create one new job we  would cut our unemployment rate in half.” "
Georgia has “more illegal aliens than the state of Arizona.”
"""Sharron Angle wants to wipe out Social Security."""
"Sharron Angle supported ""a Scientology plan to give massages to prisoners."""
"The national debt ""has gone up by $1,729,000,000 during the Isner v. Mahut match."""
" ""In the last 6 years, there have been 420 elections for State Senator and State Representative. Only three incumbents have been defeated!"""
" The Tampa Bay Rays' ""prices have been judged the most affordable in all of professional sports."" "
"""In fact, oil spills from tankers are far more common than the very rare leaks from rigs or pipelines."""
"The U.S. spends $4 billion on research and development for energy, while spending $350 billion on oil from foreign countries, ""many of whom are our enemies."""
"""If the Republicans were the majority, (Rep. Barton) would have actually the gavel and the chairmanship."" "
"""Health reform eliminates co-pays, deductibles, and other costs for preventative care and provides for free annual wellness checkups starting next year."""
"""When I become the nominee, the Democratic  nominee, I will be the only pro-choice candidate on the ballot."""
"""We only have 2 percent of the oil reserves in the world, and we consume 25 percent of the world's oil on a daily basis."""
"Rick Scott “has heavily invested in a company that is geared to helping illegal aliens transfer money to family and friends out of the country."""
"""Obama put a 10 percent tax on tanning."""
“The Republican Party   lost 1.1 million registered voters since 2008. The Democratic Party  lost  1.2 million registered voters… (while) voter registration in the   Libertarian Party rose 8 percent.”
 The addition of a 1 percent sales tax would cost a typical household in Hillsborough County approximately $12 a month. 
"""On the pace that we're on with job creation in the last four months ... we will have created more jobs in this year than in the entire Bush Presidency."""
"""Oil companies showered regulators (at the Minerals Management Service) with gifts and favors, and were essentially allowed to conduct their own safety inspections and write their own regulations."""
"""The minute this proposal for near-beach oil drilling came up, I was against it."""
"""If you read the Arizona (immigration) law, what it says is if you are  stopped for violating the law and they have a suspicion that you're  illegal, they can ask you if you're legal."" "
the Republican  “state convention is  actually larger than the Republican National  Convention.”
"""I've issued a six-month moratorium on deepwater drilling."""
"""Right now every single one of the (oil) companies here today and dozens of others are drilling for free in the Gulf of Mexico on leases that will cost American taxpayers more than $50 billion in lost royalties."""
"""While Exxon Mobil has 40 pages on its media response strategy, its plan for resource protection is only five pages long and its plan for oil removal is just nine pages long."""
"Since 2000, ""the Texas clean air program achieved a 22 percent reduction in ozone and a 46 percent decrease in NOx emissions."""
"""BP is setting up claims offices throughout the state."""
"John McCain ""voted against the tax cuts of 2001 and 2003, wrongly claiming they helped only the rich."""
"After J.D. Hayworth ""was voted out of Congress, he became a registered lobbyist"" who was ""paid thousands by a Florida corporation to lobby the very committee he used to serve on."""
Ninety percent of the people in Arkansas still love Bill Clinton.
"""The Republicans didn't have a budget in '02, '04, '06."""
"""The House has never failed to pass a budget in the modern era."""
"Bill McCollum has ""recovered $200 million in Medicaid fraud."""
" ""Bill White has a long history of trying to limit or even disenfranchise military voters."""
"Georgia has ""a dropout rate that’s higher"" than Alabama's."
"The final pitch of Don Larsen's perfect game in the 1956 World Series ""was a foot and half probably high and outside."" "
"""Bill McCollum holds the same position on (embryonic stem cell research) as Barack Obama."""
"""The 2000 Census cost $4.5 billion. The 2010 Census is set to cost up to $14.5 billion."" "
"California's credit rating is ""the worst in the country."" "
"While in Congress, Nathan Deal was a leader when it came to protecting our borders."
"Rick Scott's former health care company, Columbia/HCA, committed ""fraud."""
"Halliburton defrauded American taxpayers of ""hundreds of millions of dollars in Iraq."" "
"""Almost 1 million children ... have no health insurance in this state."""
"""Fulton County has successfully reduced the number of pregnancies"" among 15- to 19-year-olds."
"""There's more than 100,000 people working at the Department of Agriculture. That's 1 employee for every 30 farmers."""
"""Our school test scores are right at the bottom."""
" ""Rick Perry attempted to fast-track unnecessary coal-fired power plants, which degrade air quality and would cost billions. Fortunately, a court stopped him."""
"""We now actually import more oil than we did before 9/11."""
"If voters agree in November to approve a one-cent sales tax increase, that will give ""Hillsborough County the highest sales tax of all Florida counties."""
"""For now, we are still below average in the metro region."""
"""This year, we have added an average of 200,000 jobs per month, a majority in the private sector, a stark contrast to the Bush Administration record of losing an average of nearly 750,000 jobs per month in its last three months."""
"""Two-thirds of the top-rated hospitals in Florida were our hospitals."""
"“The Democrats have over  20 field agents to our zero."""
"Charlie Crist ""bizarrely vetoed"" $9.7 million for a teaching hospital at the University of Florida ""despite having previously argued the budget request had merit."""
"The American Power Act ""would cut our dependence on oil in half."" "
"""Sixty-four percent of Americans support the Arizona immigration law.'' "
"""A Houston school district analysis found that the (State Board of Education) more than quadrupled the number of historical figures students must learn about."""
"After the oil spill, Congressman Adam Putnam ""doubled down saying all energy sources, including oil drilling in the Gulf, should be considered just days after the oil spill started."""
"""The Democratic Congress has already taken significant steps to create jobs and jump-start the economy, resulting in the lowest tax rates in over 50 years and the creation of over 500,000 new jobs so far this year."""
"""ObamaCare will use your tax dollars to provide free Viagra to convicted rapists and registered sex offenders."""
"""The Interior Department has only 30 days to review an exploration plan submitted by an oil company. That leaves no time for the appropriate environmental review. The result is, they are continually waived."""
"As the CEO of eBay, ""Whitman started a separate division that only sells porn."""
"The federal government only ordered BP to pay ""to do one of those six segments"" of sand barriers for Louisiana."
"""The president has added close to 68,000 troops in the last year, since he came into office, not just the 30,000 you hear, but the others that were added before that."""
" the Arizona immigration law ""expressly bans racial profiling."""
" ""There are 321,092 public school teachers in Texas. And there are 313,850 non-teachers in our public schools."""
"Florida ranks ""45th out of 50 states'' for its regulatory climate for business."
"""Kendrick Meek is the only candidate who has consistently been against expanded drilling."""
his opponent Dorman Grace brags on his Facebook page about receiving illegal campaign contributions.   
"""Last year, (Bill McCollum) spent more than $2.2 million dollars to produce and air campaign-style TV ads where you were featured in almost every frame."""
"The Republican Party ""fought very hard in the '60s to get the civil rights bill passed, as well as the voting rights bill."""
"that in three legislative sessions, his proposals opening  pre-kindergarten to all Texas 4-year-olds never got heard or voted out  of committee."
Halliburton gave Dick Cheney a $34 million payout when he left the company to join the presidential ticket. 
"""Jeff Greene only moved from California to Florida in the last two years. In fact, he would not legally be allowed to run for any other statewide office because he has not lived here long enough to meet the residency requirement."""
"The primary election results show Democrats are strong in Kentucky  because the Democratic candidates ""both got more votes than Rand Paul  did."""
"In Hawaii, ""they don't have a history of throwing incumbents out of office."""
"In Afghanistan ""the (military) leadership has proposed a new medal, an award for 'Courageous Restraint' ... for 'NOT FIRING BACK.' """
"""You’ve got almost twice as many cops in New York City as you do on our entire border. That’s nuts."""
"""Sue Lowden gave Harry Reid's campaigns a thousand dollars in five different elections, helping his Senate dreams come true."""
"Rick Scott ""was forced to resign as the head of a company that pled guilty to massive amounts of systematic fraud, including 14 felonies, leading to a historic $1.7 billion fine."""
"California Republican gubernatorial hopeful Meg Whitman ""contributed to, and campaigned, for"" Democratic Sen. Barbara Boxer."
"California gubernatorial candidate Steve Poizner, a Republican, ""gave $10,000 to Al Gore's recount"" effort in 2000."
John Mica's brother is an oil lobbyist and his daughter represents the natural gas industry.
"""Rick Scott's even saying he wants more offshore drilling."""
"Elena Kagan ""has published five scholarly review articles, mostly on administrative law and the First Amendment. These articles were mostly on technical and procedural issues."" "
"""I got a letter from 20 people who said they wanted their money back, 14 never gave me a penny."""
"state's expected ""increase in federal political clout  is almost entirely due to  the growth of the African American and  Hispanic populations in Texas in  virtually every region of the state.”"
"Military ""recruiting went on at Harvard every single day throughout the time (Kagan) was there."""
"""Bill White used D.C. connections from his job in the Clinton administration to form a company that did business in the Middle East and defaulted on a $60 million loan."""
" ""The city of Houston now has more debt per capita than California."""
"""She (Kagan) took money from Goldman Sachs just like her boss, Obama."" "
"that when he first ran for office in the late 1980s, ""there were still folks who didn't have phone service. Soon I'd helped ensure that everyone in North Florida could access a dial tone."" "
"""In the last 10 years we've only had 7,000 barrels of oil spilled in the Gulf ... not counting hurricanes. This well is spewing that amount every day and a half."""
"Scott Maddox is a ""lobbyist."""
"Bill McCollum explained his lack of action on mortgage fraud by saying, ""You can't do everything."""
" ""Texas has, now, the highest share of minimum-wage workers in the nation."""
"Greece ""has a GDP the size of the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex."" "
"The president can ""authorize the killing of a U.S. citizen who fights for a foreign terrorist organization."""
"The Treaty of Tripoli signed by President John Adams was ""his outreach to Muslims."" "
" ""Ms. Kagan has spent her entire professional career in Harvard Square, Hyde Park and the D.C. Beltway.""  "
"On military recruiters at Harvard, Elena Kagan ""took a position and the  Supreme Court ruled unanimously that she was wrong."""
federal law enforcement officers cut off questioning of the Christmas Day underwear bomber by giving him a Miranda warning after 30 minutes of questioning.
"“The percent of students who enter high school and eventually earn a diploma or equivalent, or who remain in pursuit of a diploma or equivalent, is 90 percent.”"
he cut 'tax rates five times'
"""In the last 50 years, (the federal government has) only balanced the budget five times."""
"""We can prevent terror suspects from boarding an airplane, but the FBI doesn't have the power to block them from buying dynamite or an AK-47."""
" ""If you will go look up the definition of 'act of God,' we've used it in legal terms for a long time in this state."""
"""Incoming House Speaker Dean Cannon and incoming Senate President Mike Haridopolos have said they plan to champion efforts next legislative session to allow oil rigs off Florida's coast."""
"Under the Arizona immigration law, police are required to check immigration status if someone's ""lawn is overgrown"" or if a dog is ""barking too loudly."""
"""At the moment, energy companies spend 0.25 percent on R&D."" "
"Numbers on illegal immigrants ""are down in terms of apprehensions, which indicates fewer illegal crossings, but also up in terms of actual enforcement actions."""
"“We’re making more than  ever off oil and gas right now, but it’s no secret that oil production  in Texas peaked in the 1970s.”"
"""The governor switched his position once again on offshore oil drilling."""
"Texas General Land Office “has earned the school  children of Texas $451,932.89 on wind leases that haven't produced a  watt of energy."""
"Members of Congress ""have not reduced their salaries ... since the Great Depression,"" meaning they've gone ""eight decades without a pay cut."""
" the American public ""overwhelmingly opposed"" Democratic-steered health care plan."
"""By registration fewer than 20 percent of Florida voters are Independents."""
" ""Congress can tell [the Supreme Court] which cases they ought to hear. We have that authority."""
" ""We've got a 1,000 National Guard troop request that's been in front of this president for over a year and no response."""
"The new Arizona immigration law ""says that any police officer can stop anyone who appears to them to be reasonably suspicious of being an undocumented person."""
" ""What the Arizona law does is make a state crime out of something that already is... a federal crime."" "
"GM has ""repaid our government loan, in full, with interest, five years ahead of the original schedule."""
"Gov. Lawton Chiles said ""if I were to become ... become speaker of the House it would be (his) worst nightmare."""
"""Daniel Webster said he's out. Now he says he's in."""
"""Fifteen years ago, the assets of the six largest banks in this country totaled 17 percent of GDP ... The assets of the six largest banks in the United States today total 63 percent of GDP."""
"Republican challenger Bill Flores ""has never once voted  in a general election in our district."""
"""Bill Young uses his campaign money for, among other things, a luxury car."""
"U.S. Rep. Bill Young ""has accepted $737,000 from lobbyists and recipients of his earmarks."""
"The Banking Committee voted a 1,336-page bill ""out of committee in 21 minutes with no amendments, with the understanding that before the bill came to the floor, we would reach this bipartisan agreement."""
"""By the end of Governor Rick Perry's term, he will have drained Texas taxpayers ... of more than $360,000 to pay for the rental mansion he has been living in while the historic Governor's Mansion is repaired."""
"""Thanks to you, in under one week we have the largest GOP (Facebook) page in the Governor's race!"""
"""No member of the American public has ever been killed by commercial nuclear power — a record unmatched by other fuels."""
" he said last year there's ""absolutely no reason"" for Texas to secede."
" ""If the space-shuttle program is terminated, Russia and China will be the only nations ...with the capability to launch humans into space."""
"Passage of Clinton budget bill in 1993 ""led to an enormous flowering of the economy in America."""
"Florida teachers are ""already paid $5,000 below the national average."""
"""I never had a filibuster-proof Senate."""
The passage of the teacher tenure bill in the Fla. Legislature was like the health care bill in Congress because one party jammed it through.
"""The fact is, in the past year we have had more tax cuts than almost any time in our nation's history."""
"""Americans now spend 100 days out of the year working for government before we even start working for ourselves."""
"Crist sent his ""top policy staffer to the House Committee to testify in support of the proposal,"" then vetoed the bill."
"she introduced a ban on ""dirty dancing."""
"""As a state rep, I was considered the fourth-most conservative in the Legislature.”"
"""The permission to engage was given before the word RPG was ever used."""
John Paul Stevens is the only Protestant on the U.S. Supreme Court.
"Marco Rubio was ""subpoenaed."""
" ""(Pete) Sessions has held at least two fundraisers at adult-themed clubs and made no apologies."""
"""I don't answer hypotheticals."""
"""The video doesn't show the broader picture of the firing that was going on at American troops."""
"""Florida Statutes require (Attorney General Bill) McCollum to consult with members of Florida's Congressional delegation"" before filing a lawsuit against the health care reform law."
"""The policy of the Bush administration was also not to add new nuclear capabilities."""
"""President Obama himself attempted to filibuster Justice Alito, who  now sits on the Supreme Court."""
"that under a new program jail ""time for non-violent, mentally ill offenders has been reduced by 50 percent."""
" Holly Turner ""failed to vote in five straight Republican primaries."""
"""The most private question on this year’s form asks for an individual’s race, and that question has been asked by every census since the 1790 census conducted under then-President George Washington."""
"""This census is also the shortest and least intrusive count in modern history."""
"The proposed education changes ""will not cut one teacher's pay."""
"On financial reform, there is ""a million dollars being spent, per congressman, in lobbying expenses on this issue. (The) industry has four lobbyists per member of the House and Senate working on this."""
" ""If every house in Florida had a solar-heated water tank, that would eliminate consumption by 17 percent."""
"""Snitker has been virtually ignored by the major media."""
The Senate Republican education plan is an unfunded mandate for local school districts.
"""More people are driving under the influence of drugs than are driving under the influence of alcohol. A recent roadside survey showed that 16 percent of the people tested, tested positive for illicit or licit drugs. That's significantly higher than alcohol."" "
" ""With this reform, every insured American gets valuable consumer protections, and every uninsured American can become insured."""
''Both Democrats and Republicans are advocating for the use of student test scores to measure teacher effectiveness.''
"""A lot of the ideas in terms of the (health insurance) exchange, just being able to pool and improve the purchasing power of individuals in the insurance market, that originated from the Heritage Foundation."""
" ""Farouk is on fire."""
"""Cuba wants to let the Chinese drill in some of the very parts of the gulf that American producers are currently forbidden to touch, as close as 45 miles off the Florida coast."""
"“This week liberal Bill White faced an ethics  complaint about more than $83,000 he failed to report to the state  Ethics Commission.”"
"""On the day that (the Republican) state leader resigned in disgrace, a ‘Shred-It' truck rolled up to Republican headquarters."""
"""Actually, Reagan was a Democrat before he was a Republican."""
" ""An attack on a healthy 22-year-old homosexual man would be more protected under the law than an attack on an eight-year-old child."""
"Marco Rubio controlled funds that ""out of the $600,000 that were raised,  only $4,000 went to candidates to try to improve their chances to be  elected to office."""
"""Since that famous day in February where the governor campaigned with  Barack Obama on behalf of the stimulus program, 211,000 Floridians have  lost their jobs."""
"""Just this week we received the news that for the first time Social  Security is now paying out more in benefits than it's taking in. That  was something that was supposed to happen in 2016."""
"""The American people will be appalled to learn the health care bill exempts (congressional) leadership and committee staff."""
"Marco Rubio's ""income skyrocketed while his power increased."""
"""Our national debt ... is on track to exceed the size of our entire economy ... in just two more years."""
"In Cover Florida ""thousands already enrolled and climbing."""
"The Associated Press called Charlie Crist's attacks ""over the top,"" ""out of context,"" and ""not true."""
"she was the “the only Democrat who voted against the Wall Street bailout."""
"The cost to implement Florida's class size amendment so far has been ""$16 billion."""
"Marco Rubio ""supported $800,000 for AstroTurf for a field where he played flag football."" "
"The health care bill will subsidize families of four that make more than $80,000 a year."
" ""Last week the Texas State Board of Education (SBOE), led by Rick Perry's appointee, voted to remove Thomas Jefferson from social studies textbook standards. That's right. Thomas Jefferson... was deleted from a list of historical figures who inspired political change."""
Florida's cost for the Medicaid expansion will be $1.6 billion a year or  more.
"""There will be no public funding for abortion in this legislation."""
"""Hospitals, doctors, MRIs, surgeries and so forth are more extensively used and far more expensive in this country than they are in many other countries.''"
" ""For years now, we have spent more money than we have taken in."""
" ""In Texas, schools do not even have to teach sex education."""
"The Democratic health care bill will ""collect higher taxes for 10 years  and provide health care for only six years."""
"""Americans who get their insurance through the workplace, cost savings could be as much as $3,000 less per employee than if we do nothing."""
"“Rick Perry had planned to retire from the legislature  until his best friend, David Weeks, and I talked him into switching  parties and running for the GOP nomination for agriculture  commissioner.”"
" St. Pete Beach's experiences are a ""fair example"" of what could happen if Amendment 4 passes. "
"A national poll found that among people who oppose the Democratic health care reform bill, ""almost 40 percent"" opposed it not because it goes too far, but because ""they don’t think it goes far enough. ... They will not be unhappy when we pass health care reform."""
"The Congressional Budget Office analysis of the health insurance reform legislation says the bill ""cuts the deficit by $1.2 trillion in the second 10 years."""
"""As Florida's CFO, I shut down Krakow's scam and refunded more than $1.2 million to Josephine and other victims of this con man."""
"""There is no precedent for what the Democrats are doing with this deception. ... We have never written a reconciliation bill to amend a law that does not exist."""
" Because of a local version of Amendment 4, ""the taxpayers of St. Pete Beach have had to pay hundreds of thousands in legal bills."" "
"""Under the ruling of the Supreme Court, any lobbyist could go into any legislator and say, if you don't vote our way on this bill, we're going to run a million-dollar campaign against you in your district."""
" St. Pete Beach's local version of Amendment 4 resulted in ""seemingly endless lawsuits (that) decimated the city's legal budget and forced the city to raise the property tax rate."" "
"Rubio admitted he ""would have accepted the stimulus money."""
"""House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said this  week that the Democrats have to pass their terrible health care bill so  that the American people can actually find out what's in it."""
"Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison's  ""concession speech came with less than 20 percent of the precincts  having been counted.”"
"""Crist stays in $2,000 a night luxury hotel suites where he racks up $1,300 in mini-bar charges, and doesn't pay for a dime of it himself."""
"""House  Appropriations Chair David Obey's partial earmark ban wouldn't apply to 90% of  earmarks."""
"""Health insurance companies' costs are only 4 percent of all health care spending."""
"""We are the only industrialized nation that relies heavily on a for-profit medical insurance industry to provide basic health care."" "
" ""Individuals and small businesses will be hit by increases in health insurance premiums as high as 39 percent."""
"""When we started this health care debate a year ago, 85 percent of the American people had health insurance, and 95 percent of the 85 percent were happy with it."" "
"""If we just froze spending at 2007 levels ... by 2013 we would balance the budget ... and by 2020 we would cut the national debt in half."""
"""Nearly all of the top 50 prescribers of oxycodone in the United States are in Florida."""
"""The Florida Legislature raised taxes and fees by almost $2 billion"" in the 2009 session."
"The health care bill will ""create 4 million jobs, 400,000 jobs almost immediately."""
"""When Social Security started, age expectancy for the average man was 58. It was 62 -- 62 for women."" "
" Texas is the ""fastest growing state"" with the ""most Fortune 500 companies."""
" ""There's almost 1 million Texans who are unemployed and that's an all-time record number in our state."""
" ""Texas has installed more wind power than any other state, and all but four countries."""
"Gov. Charlie Crist has called him ""a rock star."""
"Reconciliation was used ""for tax cuts for the rich twice under Bush."""
" ""Washington cannot hide from the fact that Congress hiked the national debt ceiling to $14.3 trillion. They cannot hide from the fact . . . that the budget that they’re going forward with has more than a $5 trillion in debt in it over the next five years."""
"""Our graduation rate is the highest it's ever been."""
"""The lifespan of the average American is less than that of people in nations that spend far less (on health care). ... To put it bluntly, we spend more and die sooner."""
"The Democrats' health care bills would end ""the denial of ... coverage to those who have a pre-existing condition,"" while the Republican bill would not."
"""Due to ... tax cuts and lower (property) values, 2009 property taxes were almost $3 billion below 2007 property taxes."""
"""We are now seeing a decrease in violent crime."""
"U.S. Rep. Alan Grayson ""compared a former vice president to a vampire ... and compared America's health care system to the Holocaust."""
"Florida ""has the second-highest foreclosure rate in the nation."""
"""Charlie Crist was the only prominent Republican in the country to campaign with Barack Obama before the stimulus passed, on behalf of the stimulus."""
"""The Republicans have repeatedly said that they agree with 80 percent of what's in our bill."""
"The health care bill ""dumps 15 to 18 million low-income Americans into a Medicaid program that none of us want to be a part of because 50 percent of doctors won't see new patients."""
" ""Fifty-seven"" of  Rubio's 100 ideas ""ultimately became law."""
" Gov. Rick Perry ""spent over a million dollars on D.C. lobbyists asking for more federal money and lives in a luxury house that costs taxpayers $10,000 a month."""
" ""Her opponent: zero times a judge, zero rulings, zero experience on the bench."""
" he ""never"" donates to Democrats while Paul Workman ""contributes to Democrat Kirk Watson and other Democrats running against Republicans."""
" Paul Workman ""voted in the Democrat primary, supporting Democrats with his vote."""
"""Speaker Rubio supported gun restrictions that included background checks and waiting periods."""
"""The costs for families (in the individual market) for the same type of coverage that they're currently receiving would go down 14 percent to 20 percent."""
"The CBO found that the House Republican health care plan would lower premiums by ""up to about 10 percent"" and, for purchasers in the individual market, ""those cost savings could even be higher."""
 one in three Texas children drop out of high school.
"""Since 1981, reconciliation has been used 21 times. Most of it's been used by Republicans."""
" ""I vetoed more than $3 billion in spending. Lawmakers and I cut taxes for 40,000 small businesses. Now Texas is No. 1 in job creation. The nation’s five best housing markets are right here in Texas. We balanced five state budgets and we cut state spending."""
"""Congresswoman Bachmann actually said we should be  'weaned' off our Social Security and Medicare. She wants to privatize Social  Security and replace Medicare with some kind of voucher system."" "
"Bill McCollum ""cost the rest of us billions"" as a member of Congress, including a national debt that ""skyrocketed"" to $4.7 trillion."
"Bill McCollum voted four times to raise his own pay, by a total of $51,000, and earns a congressional pension worth more than $75,000 a year."
"""As bank president, Alex Sink eliminated thousands of Florida jobs while taking over $8 million in salary and bonuses."""
"""Florida leads the nation in elected officials charged with crimes."""
"""One of the most recent polls said 75 percent of the American people have said either don't do anything or start over (on health care reform)."""
" she ""stopped Capital Metro from raising fares for senior and disabled citizens."" "
"The stimulus includes  ""$219,000 to study  the sex lives of female college freshmen."""
"""$100,000 in  stimulus funds (were) used for a Martini Bar and Brazilian Steakhouse."""
"The stimulus includes ""$7 million to build a bridge in Thedford, Nebraska, to help 168 residents avoid a 30-second wait at a local train crossing. Not one full-time job will be created."""
"In the stimulus, ""$15 million dollars  went to 'build a bigger, better airport' for the town of Ouzinkie, Alaska,  population 165."""
"""So far, the Recovery Act is responsible for the jobs of about 2 million Americans who would otherwise be unemployed. ... [And] the Recovery Act is on track to save or create another 1.5 million jobs in 2010."""
"""In the three months before the act took  effect, America lost 750,000 jobs a month. In the last three months, we've lost  about 35,000 jobs a month."""
" During ""the recent global warming summit in Copenhagen, Nancy Pelosi and others stayed at a five-star hotel on a trip costing nearly $10,000 per person."""
"""There have been three people tried and convicted by the last administration in military courts. Two are walking the street right now."""
"Among the money spent on health care in the United States, ""46 cents on every dollar spent is through Medicare and Medicaid."""
"President Barack Obama's ""initial response when we heard about the Christmas underwear bomber"" was to say that ""this was the act of an isolated extremist."""
" ""When we go to vote, they ask for driver's license and verify that you are a voter and a citizen in the state of Texas."""
"Despite touting the economic stimulus as a great triumph, ""The very same report, however, notes that unemployment will average 10 percent for the rest of the year."""
"""A Democratic poll operation shows that Fox News is the most trusted news operation in the country."" "
One-third of the economic stimulus package was tax cuts. 
"The House passed a pay-as-you-go rule that said, ""If you wanted to have an investment, an entitlement, etc., you had to pay for it."""
" Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison ""took 154 private flights all funded by taxpayers"" though ""commercial flights were readily available at a fraction of the cost."""
" Houston is ""the third-most toxic city in the United States of America."""
"""One state even spent a million bucks to put up signs that advertise that they were spending on the federal stimulus projects."""
" ""The governor’s not taking his own fiscal advice. ... In the first fiscal quarter of this year, we’ve seen a 13.5 percent increase in spending, double-digit spending out of the executive branch in the State of Texas."""
"""Florida still averages more students in its classrooms than any other state in the Southeast."""
"""The law is very clear! 'The monies recouped from the TARP shall be paid into the general fund of the treasury for the reduction of the public debt.'"""
"Some Republicans who voted against the stimulus ""have been all too happy to claim credit for Recovery Act projects and the jobs those projects have produced. They come to the ribbon cuttings."""
" ""Our (Texas) graduation rate ranks 43rd out of 50 states."""
"The Senate-passed health care bill ""is identical to the Massachusetts health care plan -- the same thing."""
   Uses headlines to portray Gov. Rick Perry as beholden to special interests.
"""Thomas Jefferson created the Marines for the Islamic pirates that were happening."" "
"""We passed without, frankly, the help of the Republican caucus, we passed 25 tax cuts last year, mostly aimed at the middle class and small businesses."""
" a prank phone call caused ""400 children to be taken from their parents... without warrant."""
"Health care reform ""would bring down the deficit by as much as $1 trillion over the next two decades."""
" ""The State of Texas does not even use the E-Verify system to determine if someone is legally in our country when they apply for a job."""
"Obama came into office ""with a $1.3 trillion deficit before I had passed any law. ... We came in with $8 trillion worth of debt over the next decade."""
"""Mr. President, multiple times from your administration there have come statements that Republicans have no ideas and no solutions"" on health care."
"""I have had the challenge during this administration to suspend no less than 37 public officials in about 36 months."""
"“Under (Rick Perry’s) watch as governor, over six million Texans have no health care coverage, including one million children, homeowners suffer from the highest insurance rates in the country, and college tuition has skyrocketed 136 percent.”"
"""President Obama's proposed 'spending freeze' will only reduce the $42 trillion in government spending proposed between 2011 and 2020 by little more than one-half of 1 percent."""
"""Inequality in Texas is steadily getting worse, with very few rich people, a great many poor people, and fewer and fewer in the middle."""
"""A majority of Americans still oppose this health care bill."""
"""The amount of debt is on pace to double in five years and triple in 10. The federal debt is now over $100,000 per household."""
"""Here in Virginia, we have the opportunity to become the first state on the East Coast to explore for and produce oil and natural gas offshore."""
"""We cut taxes for 95 percent of working families."""
"""At the beginning of the last decade ... America had a budget surplus of over $200 billion. By the time I took office, we had a one-year deficit of over $1 trillion and projected deficits of $8 trillion over the next decade."""
"The ""pay-as-you-go law ... was a big reason why we had record surpluses in the 1990s."""
"""Because of the steps we took, there are about 2 million Americans working right now who would otherwise be unemployed."""
"""For the first time in history, my administration posts our White House visitors online."""
U.S. Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison “voted to continue Roe v. Wade.”
U.S. Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison “has voted nine separate times to raise the national debt ceiling.”
"""PWNED: House GOP Dominates Twitter, YouTube, Social Media in Congress."""
"Democratic presidents ""have been considerably more effective at creating private-sector jobs."""
" ""We lowered the business tax from 4 percent down to 1 percent."""
" ""The Texas Department of Transportation... misplaced a billion dollars.""  "
"In Massachusetts, Scott Brown's Republican affiliation is ""not a secret, but clearly not on display."" "
"""The Washington Times ... pointed out that we had succeeded where previous administrations had failed"" on spending cuts."
"""The No. 1 issue that the American people care about is getting America back to work."""
"""Most Texans aren't millionaires."""
"""The Trans-Texas Corridor is dead."" "
"""Close to half of the folks in this country illegally entered legally (but) overstayed (their ) visas."""
Obama's job approval rating is up. 
 Gov. Rick Perry was for Wall Street bailout before he was against it.
"The Obama administration ""raised discretionary spending by 24 percent from President George W. Bush's last full-year budget and will run up more debt by October than Bush did in eight years."" "
"When President Bush took office in 2001, he inherited a $236 billion budget surplus, with a projected 10-year surplus of $5.6 trillion. When he ended his term, he left a $1.3 trillion deficit and a projected 10-year shortfall of $8 trillion."
" ""We definitely lost way more jobs in Texas this year than we gained — we lost 300,000 jobs in Texas alone this year."""
"""No Democratic campaign for (Fla.) governor has ever had these kinds of resources this early on in an election cycle."""
" During his tenure as mayor, he ""saw Houston’s crime rates drop to the lowest levels in more than 25 years."""
" ""More than 1,000 people ... move to Texas every day."""
" a careless attitude and ""poor oversight by the Texas Department of Agriculture"" led to deaths and illnesses traced to a Texas peanut plant."
“Illegal immigrants currently occupy 8 million jobs.”
" he ""brought 1,200 jobs to Texas by moving his factories here from China."""
" ""Texas is LAST (50th) in spending for mental health care."""
"""Why is January 8th an important date in American history? This day in 1835 is the only day in our history when we have not been in debt."""
"""Most of the people that work in finance make $70,000, $80,000 a year."""
"""I haven't missed a vote since 1993."""
"""President Obama has broken his pledge to the American people to be transparent throughout (health care reform negotiations)."""
"Charlie Crist broke the quarter ""record for fundraising in a U.S. Senate race in Florida."""
"When Charlie Crist was elected governor, Florida ranked 31st in K-12 education. ""Last year ... we went from 31st to 14. And this year, the top 10 in America."""
"Health care reform plans being consided in Congress ""will finally reduce the costs of health care."""
"President Obama has ""the worst ratings of any president at the end of his first year."" "
"""We've created or saved up to 1.6 million jobs, according to the CBO -- the Congressional Budget Office -- through the Recovery Act."""
"""President Obama's proposal calls for serious cuts in our own long-term carbon emissions,"" but China and India will still be allowed to increase their emissions. "
"The ""post-Soviet industrial meltdown is responsible for most of the progress in reducing carbon emissions that Europe is able to claim."" "
"""To use money from the TARP fund in the manner that is being discussed by the White House and congressional Democrats would be a violation of the law."" "
"""In the last few months alone, we have apprehended extremists within our borders who were sent here from the border region of Afghanistan and Pakistan to commit new acts of terror."""
The Senate health care bill does not contain limits on medical malpractice lawsuits.
"A new Republican litmus test ""would have resulted in (the GOP) kicking out Ronald Reagan."" "
"""If you want to talk firsts for Bush, this was the first time in American history that a president took us into a war and cut taxes."" "
"Recovery.gov listed congressional districts that ""do not exist."""
"The Senate health care bill ""would leave 24 million people without insurance coverage."""
"If you look at last year's presidential campaign, ""you can't find a mention of public option."""
"Obama ""closed offshore tax safe havens."""
"Obama has ""visited more countries and met with more world leaders than any president in his first six months in office."""
"The United States has a supply of ""more than 100 years of natural gas."""
"A cap-and-trade plan promoted by Barack Obama would hit hardest ""those already struggling to make ends meet."" "
"Obama has admitted a cap and trade plan would cause electricity bills to ""skyrocket."" "
"""The public option is not funded with public money. It's funded with private insurance premiums."""
"""There were more people at the Air and Space Museum"" than at a rally against the health care bills. "
"The health care bills will be ""mandated spending. You can't cut it, regardless of the budget circumstances."" "
The House of Representatives does not have a prochoice majority.
Guantanamo Bay detainees will get the H1N1 vaccine. 
"""President Obama campaigned on a promise to put reproductive health care at the center of his reform plan."""
"""History tells us that job growth always lags behind economic growth."""
"The House health care bill pays for ""about six years of program with a decade of revenue, with the heaviest costs concentrated in the second five years."""
"""As a result of the House Republican bill, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office now confirms that families will see their health care premiums reduced by up to 10 percent."" "
"The GOP health care plan ""would allow health insurance companies to continue engaging in unfair and discriminatory practices like denying coverage to people because of a pre-existing medical condition.""  "
"Health care reform ""requires the use of federal dollars to fund abortions through the government-run health plan."""
"Research shows the employer mandate in the House health reform bill would ""place millions 'at substantial risk of unemployment' — with minority workers losing their jobs at twice the rate of their white counterparts."""
"""That 3.5 percent (increase in the third quarter GDP) came from two things — government spending on Cash for Clunkers — they just moved fourth-quarter auto sales into the third quarter — and the first-time home buyer thing."" "
"Sen. Joe Lieberman's ""home state has a public option which covers about 10,000 of its citizens that was introduced by its Republican governor."" "
"When it comes to aid, ""the United States is still about half as what European countries give as a percentage."""
"The Democrats' health care bill ""gives a new Health Choices Commissioner the right to look at an individual's tax return to determine what medical benefits or subsidies that person qualifies for."""
"A ""fairly limited number of people, 25 million to 30 million,"" will be allowed to access a national health insurance exchange. "
"A request for ""an increase in troops sat on desks in this White House (during the presidency of George W. Bush), including the vice president's, for more than eight months, a resource request filled by President Obama in March."""
"The Obama administration notified Poland and the Czech Republic about cancellation of major missile-defense facilities ""at the last minute in midnight phone calls."""
"""Husbands rarely beat up their wives. Single women get beaten up more."" "
"""Democrats rang up a $1.42 trillion budget deficit in 2009 — the single largest in American history."""
"The proposed excise tax on ""Cadillac"" health plans will hit ""those making less than $200,000"" the hardest."
"""The first installment of health care reform ... will raise the deficit by $250 billion."""
"U.S. taxpayers paid $71,500 per job created by the stimulus bill. "
"""Only 20 percent of Americans admit to being Republicans anymore."""
"Seniors with coverage under Medicare Advantage will give up ""more than their share"" because of health care reform"
"The Baucus health care bill ""would drastically restrict the use of flexible spending accounts (FSAs) in order to help pay for health care reform."""
"A report by the health insurance industry ""ignores some of the key policies that are part of the Senate Finance Committee bill."""
"Other Western countries have ended their ""Don't Ask, Don't Tell"" policies."
"The Baucus health care bill would require taxes on medical devices such as X-ray machines, female condoms, HIV tests and surgical needles."
"During the Reagan era, while productivity increased, ""wages for working people remained frozen.""  "
Health care premiums for consumers have doubled since 2001.
Insurance companies have seen their profits soar by more than 400 percent since 2001.
"Forty percent of gross domestic product ""is state, local, or federal money."" "
"During the Reagan era, ""the richest Americans had their top income tax rate cut in half."""
"""The truth is any oil that would be drilled could be sent to any other country in the world, reducing our use of foreign oil not by one single drop."""
"In the 1950s,  ""A lot of people got rich — and they had to pay a top tax rate of 90 percent."""
"""The richest 1 percent have more financial wealth than the bottom 95 percent combined."""
"AARP is ""the largest reseller of insurance in the country"" and ""has a vested interest in seeing that the market for reselling supplemental insurance expands."""
"""The Defense Department received only one-half of 1 percent of the nearly trillion-dollar stimulus package funding."""
"Barack Obama and the Democrats have ""proposed a tax for not having health insurance."""
"""House Republicans pledged to introduce a bill to reform America’s health care system,"" but ""the 'party of no' has . . . failed to produce legislation."""
"In a now-viral video, ""impressionable youngsters at a public school in New Jersey ... have been instructed to sing the praises of 'Barack Hussein Obama.'"""
"Goldman Sachs was Barack Obama's ""No. 1 private contributor."""
"The Obama administration is ""cutting back on defense"""
"""Medicare does just as good, if not better, at keeping people healthy"" as Medicare Advantage."
"""Our own National Security Agency says that (Iran's) nuclear ambitions are advancing, and at the same time ... we are slashing our own nuclear arsenal."""
"""FDR was called a socialist and a communist."""
"The Baucus bill ""contains provisions that would send massive federal subsidies directly to both private insurance plans and government-chartered cooperatives that pay for elective abortion."""
"""In some states, it is still legal to deny a woman coverage because she's been the victim of domestic violence."""
"Families are paying $900, on average, ""in higher premiums because of uncompensated care."""
" ""Mathematically, the White Sox can still get in the playoffs."" "
"For middle-class families under the Baucus plan, ""13 percent of what they make could be deducted directly from their paychecks . . . the so-called 'Max Tax.'"" "
Obama used to be a lawyer for ACORN. 
"""Medicare began as a public option and now holds 97 percent of the market share."""
The House of Representatives has never passed a resolution of disapproval to condemn a member's behavior.
The U.S. ranks 37th in the world for health care.
"As a candidate, President Obama ""declared that everyone deserves access to reproductive health care that includes abortion, and vowed that this 'right' would be at the heart of his health care reform plan if elected president."""
"""Nothing in any of the Democrat bills would require individuals to verify their citizenship or identity prior to receiving taxpayer-subsidized benefits."""
"""The claim ... that we plan to set up panels of bureaucrats with the power to   kill off senior citizens ... is a lie, plain and simple."""
"If you ""already have health insurance through your job, or Medicare, or Medicaid, or the VA, nothing in this plan will require you or your employer to change the coverage or the doctor you have."""
"""Switzerland and the Netherlands . . .  cover all their citizens using private insurers, and they do so for much less cost."""
"Van Jones signed a petition indicating he ""thinks the Bush administration blew up the World Trade Center and covered it up."" "
"""We waterboard, incidentally, hundreds of our own military personnel. They waterboard themselves in training to toughen themselves up."" "
"""Every survey shows strong satisfaction with private coverage."""
"""Since World War II, only Gerald Ford and Bill Clinton have had worse ratings after seven months than President Obama."""
"""Medicare has at least $80 billion worth of fraud a year. That's a full 20 percent of every dollar that's spent on Medicare goes to fraud."""
"""Any government-run 'public' plan ... creates an entitlement that will cost another $1 trillion over the next 10 years."""
"""If you're over 65 years old in America today, you have no choice but to be in Medicare. Even if you want out of Medicare, you have to forfeit your Social Security to get out of it."""
"If you don't count illegal aliens, people who qualify for other insurance, and people who make more than $75,000 a year, ""it leaves about 15 million people"" who are uninsured."
"""As many as 22,000 Americans die each year because they don’t have health insurance."""
"""Nearly 46 million Americans don't have health insurance coverage today."""
"Pregnant women trying to buy health insurance on their own are barred from maternity coverage because they have a ""pre-existing condition."""
"Republicans Chuck Grassley, John Boehner and John Mica flip-flopped on providing end-of-life counseling for the elderly. "
Preventive care does not save the government money. 
"The health care reform plan being proposed in Congress would mean ""big tax increases."""
"Obama's plan for health care reform ""ends exorbitant out-of-pocket expenses, deductibles or co-pays."""
Health care reform will not affect veterans' benefits.
" ""I just want to assure [you] we're not talking about cutting Medicare benefits."""
"""If you like your health care plan, you can keep your health care plan."""
"The health care plan for members of Congress ""is no better than the janitor who cleans their offices."""
"In every committee when the health care bill was considered, Democrats voted against an amendment that would require members of Congress and their staff to take the government-run public option as their health care plan."
"A loophole ""still exists which allows members of Congress and high-powered executive branch appointees to exploit 'insider' knowledge of the financial industry in order to turn personal profit."""
"Under President George W. Bush, the U.S. ""spent $1.3 trillion on tax cuts for the wealthy"" and ""trillions"" each on a war and on Medicare drug benefits."
"A former Clinton administration official and other economists agree that ""if you keep extending these temporary unemployment benefits, you're just going to extend joblessness even more."" "
"""The John McCain Twitter account has more than 1.1 million followers. The official White House Twitter account has only about 830,000."" "
"""53 percent of Americans cut back on their health care in the last year because of costs."""
Forty-five percent of Americans went without needed care because of costs in 2007.
"""All private healthcare plans must conform to government rules to participate in a Healthcare Exchange."""
"Only 15 percent of drug users are African-American, yet 74 percent of all drug offenders sentenced to prison are black "
"""Four percent of American citizens are black males, but they are 35 percent of murder victims."" "
"""Doctors, nurses, hospitals, even the pharmaceutical industry, (and) AARP"" say that health reform ""makes sense to do."""
"""14,000 Americans . . . lose their health insurance every single day."""
There were more job losses per month in the last three months under President Bush than in the past three months under President Obama.
"""The government is going to tell Americans they need to replace functioning stoves in their homes with 'government-certified' stoves and use taxpayer dollars to do so."" "
"The stimulus ""has delivered $43 billion in tax relief to American working families and businesses"""
The Obama administration has spent millions of taxpayer dollars for roadside signs to tout the economic stimulus.
"""Job losses are so certain under this new cap-and-tax plan that it includes a provision accommodating newly unemployed workers from the resulting dried-up energy sector, to the tune of $4.2 billion over eight years. So much for creating jobs."" "
"""Only about 6.8 percent of the (stimulus) money has actually been spent."""
"""Across the country, $174 billion of the Recovery Act have been committed in its first 130 days."""
"""Under the new and little known 'global justice' initiative,"" the Obama administration has ordered FBI agents to ""read Miranda Rights to high-value terrorist detainees captured on the battlefield."""
"""Now, there was a time when someone like Scalia and Ginsburg got 95-plus votes."""
"A new Rasmussen poll shows people ""oppose (Sotomayor's) confirmation. Only 37 percent support it."""
"""Californians consume 40 percent less energy per person than the national average"""
"""If the United States moves ahead by itself (on cap-and-trade)... after 30 or 40 years, we're going to reduce CO2 by less than 1 percent."" "
"During a town hall meeting on health care, ""ABC didn't even allow ads that opposed the president's health care plan to be aired."""
"Every year tobacco kills more Americans than did World War II — more than AIDS, cocaine, heroin, alcohol, vehicular accidents, homicide and suicide combined. "
"""Medicare and Medicaid are the single biggest drivers of the federal deficit and the federal debt by a huge margin."""
"the Congressional Budget Office estimates a cap-and-trade program would cost the average family the equivalent of ""a postage stamp a day."""
"Even high estimates for an early draft of the health care plan are ""less than the $1.8 trillion cost of the Bush tax cuts."" "
"""Some 500 detainees were released from Guantanamo during the Bush administration."""
"Oil money from federal leases ""can only be used to clean up the mess and damages from drilling."""
"In Texas, ""the No. 1 name for new male babies — many of whom will vote one day — is Jose."" "
"Contends that President Obama ""literally said (if) his cap-and-trade proposals were to pass, that utility rates, his words now, would, 'necessarily skyrocket.'"" "
"Sixty-two percent of all personal bankruptcies are ""caused by medical problems."""
"""In the first round of repayments""  from financial institutions that received TARP money, ""the government has actually turned a profit."""
"""The Department of Justice, under the Obama administration, disagrees with the decision"" Judge Sotomayor made in the Ricci vs. DeStefano case."
"""President Obama will now own 60 percent of GM, and his union buddies will own almost 20 percent."""
"""The nuclear test conducted in our nation this time is the Earth's 2,054th nuclear test. The five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council have conducted 99.99 percent of the total nuclear tests."""
"""Sotomayor has had her rulings thrown out by the court a troubling four times."""
"Sotomayor thinks ""that one’s sex, race and ethnicity ought to affect the decisions one renders from the bench."""
"""Walking in the door (Sonia Sotomayor) would bring more experience on the bench, and more varied experience on the bench, than anyone currently serving on the United States Supreme Court had when they were appointed."""
"Judge Sotomayor has said ""that policy is made on the U.S. Court of Appeals."""
"Cheney is ""disagreeing with President Bush's policy. President Bush stated repeatedly to international audiences and to the country that he wanted to close Guantanamo."""
"""President Obama's own director of national intelligence, Admiral Blair, put it this way: 'High-value information came from interrogations in which those methods were used and provided a deeper understanding of the al-Qaida organization that was attacking this country.'"""
"""You've heard endlessly about waterboarding. It happened to three terrorists."""
"""Nobody has ever escaped from one of our federal 'supermax' prisons."""
"""The reality is, we are holding some of the most dangerous terrorists in the world right now in our federal prisons, including the mastermind of the 1993 World Trade Center bombing, the 'shoe bomber,' the 'Unabomber,' and many others."""
"""Democrats have failed to answer the most basic question of how they want to pay for the more than $1 trillion of health care spending."""
"""The Pentagon under the Obama administration has just acknowledged seizing and burning the privately owned Bibles of American soldiers serving in Afghanistan."""
"""Our government has now 'spent, lent, or committed' $12.8 trillion in its attempt to blunt the recession."""
"""The president of the United States ... agrees with me"" that marriage should be between a man and a woman."
Senators who have accepted millions in campaign contributions from the financial industry voted against allowing bankruptcy judges to modify home mortgages.
"Obama's ""first call (as president) to any head of state was to Mahmoud Abbas, leader of Fatah party in the Palestinian territory."""
"Pay-as-you-go ""is the principle that helped transform large deficits into surpluses in the 1990s."""
"The Republican Party has ""21 percent party ID and shrinking."""
"Sen. Arlen Specter's party switch could ""end up giving Republicans the ability to filibuster judicial nominees at the Judiciary Committee level so that the nominees never get out of committee."" "
"Cass Sunstein, President Obama's nominee for regulatory czar, ""wants to give legal standing to animals so they can sue you for eating meat.""  "
"""Barack Obama's nominee for 'regulatory czar' has advocated a 'Fairness Doctrine' for the Internet"" that would require links to opposing opinions."
"Washing your hands and covering your mouth when you cough ""makes a huge difference"" in reducing transmission of the flu."
"In Iraq, ""civilian deaths, incidents of bombings, etc., remain very low relative to what was going on last year."""
"""About halfway through fiscal year 2009, Washington has run out of money."" "
"""The Geneva Convention did not apply, until 2005, to the war on terror."""
"""Venezuela is a country whose defense budget is probably 1/600th of the United States."""
"""More than 90 percent of the guns recovered in Mexico come from the United States."""
"""President Obama is actually increasing Bush-era defense spending by $21 billion in the new fiscal year."" "
"""Congress shoveled $700 billion into the Troubled Assets Relief Program, $325 billion of which has been spent without purchasing any toxic assets."" "
"""2008 was the deadliest year of the war (in Afghanistan) for American forces."""
"The Republican leadership's budget proposal ""doesn't contain any numbers."""
"The Employee Free Choice Act mandates the ""elimination of the secret ballot."""
"Obama's budget plan would ""take national debt up to about 80 percent of gross national product. ... Historically, it's been about 40 percent."""
"His proposed budget would ""cut our deficit in half by the end of my first term."""
"Obama's proposed budget ""doubles the debt in five years, triples it in 10 years."""
"""Warren (Buffett) still does support me."""
"""Tens of billions of dollars (from taxpayer-funded bailouts) ... flowed straight through AIG into the coffers of foreign corporations and foreign banks."" "
"""Senator Chris Dodd, chairman of the Senate Banking Committee, placed an amendment in the ‘stimulus’ bill that allowed for banks bailed out with taxpayer money — including AIG — to hand out huge bonuses."""
"""The 1908 Model T earned better gas mileage than a typical SUV sold in 2008."""
"AIG ""said they were giving $57 million (in retention payments) to people who were being terminated."""
"""We had bipartisan legislation that got through the Senate"" that would have prevented bonuses like AIG's ""and then somehow mysteriously disappeared."""
"In Japan, executives of failing companies ""say 'I'm sorry' and then either do one of two things: resign or go commit  suicide."""
"""Last week the Blue Chip Economic Indicators came out that surveys lots of private forecasters. Almost all of them are predicting a turnaround in the third quarter and positive growth in the fourth quarter."""
"""I don't do earmarks. I've never done one. I'm not going to do one."""
"""A middle-class family donates $1 to charity, they get 15 cents off their income tax. Bill Gates donates $1 to charity, he takes 35 cents off his income tax."""
"""The average CEO makes $10,000 more every day ... than what the average worker makes every year."""
"""Teddy Roosevelt first called for (health care) reform nearly a century ago."""
"""The president campaigned against this type of legislation."""
"The stimulus bill includes ""$8 billion for high-speed rail projects, such as a 'magnetic levitation' line from Las Vegas to Disneyland."""
"A new presidential helicopter ""is now going to cost as much as Air Force One."" "
"""We are making the largest investment in education in our nation’s history."""
"The omnibus spending bill has ""9,427 pork barrel items."""
"Louisiana is turning down $100 million ""that would require  us to change our unemployment law, that would have actually raised taxes on  Louisiana businesses."""
"""When the salmonella source was finally identified, FDA officials had to wait for industry approval before they could go live with the [peanut] recall."""
"If we got solar energy from ""an area of the Southwestern desert 100 miles on a side, that would be enough, in and of itself, to provide 100 percent of all the electricity needs for the United States of America in a full year."""
"""Putting three Republicans in my Cabinet...is unprecedented."""
"On attacks by Republicans that various programs in the economic stimulus plan are not stimulative, ""If you add all that stuff up, it accounts for less than 1 percent of the overall package."""
"""Obama taps porn lawyer for #2 at Justice."""
"""The average bonus [on Wall Street] is about $100,000...The bonuses on Wall Street are down 44 percent."""
"The stimulus bill contains ""$20 million for the removal of small to medium-sized fish passage barriers"" and ""$25 million to rehabilitate off-roading trails for ATVs."" "
"The Senate version of the economic stimulus package includes ""millions of dollars to World War II Filipino veterans in the Philippines."""
" To give the proposed economic stimulus plan some perspective, ""if you started the day Jesus Christ was born and spent $1 million every day since then, you still wouldn’t have spent $1 trillion."""
"""The House Democrats' so-called 'stimulus' has been stuffed with an astonishing $335 million to fund prevention programs of sexually transmitted diseases."""
"""In Chicago, school is never canceled"" because of winter weather."
"Democrats compare the infrastructure programs in the stimulus to the Eisenhower interstate program, ""but he proposed a $500 billion highway system, and they're going to put $30 billion"" into roads and bridges."
"""Our economy could fall $1 trillion short of its full capacity, which translates into more than $12,000 in lost income for a family of four."""
"Democrats have said that ""even one hearing (on the stimulus bill) would be one too many, and that we have a single day to approve these five complex propositions that will affect the lives of millions."""
"""We've added, in the last eight years, $4 trillion of debt to the nation's obligations."" "
"""The Capitol was built by slaves."" "
"Energy nominee Steven Chu has called coal ""his worst nightmare."""
"Geithner's failure to pay self-employment taxes while working for the IMF ""is a mistake that is commonly made for people who are working internationally or for international institutions."""
"""Geithner still didn't correct the same type of error for some years, even after the Internal Revenue Service flagged him for the failure to pay the taxes in other years."""
"""The biggest job of the surgeon general is to translate health care and health care needs into plain English."""
"If Obama's economic plan creates 600,000 new government jobs, ""that's about the size of the post office work force."""
The accuracy of the Obama tax calculator
"""Sen. Obama has never taken on his party leaders on a single major issue."""
"Obama ""changed the rules in Washington. Gone are the free gifts from lobbyists. Gone are the fancy airplane rides for nothing."""
"""The race will tighten, just because that's what happens at the end of campaigns. They always have."""
"Measures in Barack Obama's health plan could ""lower health care costs for the typical family by $2,500 a year."""
"""We are within the margin of error."""
McCain called for less regulation 21 times just this year.
"""In April, Sen. McCain came out against helping women earn equal pay for equal work."""
"Barack Obama said ""people making less than $250,000 would benefit from his plan"" then said ""if you're a family making less than $200,000, you'll benefit."""
"""Fidel (Castro) has made his preferences known in the campaign and had some very unkind things to say about me."""
"""One percent of the American people make over 21 percent of all the income in America. That wasn’t the way before George Bush became president."""
"John McCain's health care plan ""won't guarantee coverage of cancer screenings or maternity care."""
"If parents ""don't have health insurance that Senator Obama wants them to have (for their children), they will be fined."""
"Barack Obama will ""raise Social Security taxes."""
Between 40 and 50 percent of tax filers do not owe any income tax.
"Barack Obama was ""a trial attorney for ACORN."""
" Medicare spends ""$15-billion a year on subsidies to insurance companies."" "
"""98 percent of small businesses make less than $250,000"" and would not see a tax increase under Barack Obama's plan."
"""He voted twice for a budget resolution that increases the taxes on individuals making $42,000 a year."""
"""Obama said he would unilaterally renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement."""
"""Congressman John Lewis, an American hero, made allegations that Sarah Palin and I were somehow associated with ... the worst chapter in American history. ... And, Senator Obama, you didn't repudiate those remarks."""
"On the economic crisis, ""the biggest problem in this whole process was the deregulation of the financial system."""
"""I wrote to Secretary Paulson, I wrote to Federal Reserve Chairman Bernanke [in March 2007], and told them this is something we have to deal with, and nobody did anything about it."""
"On the economic troubles of 2008, ""really the match that lit this fire was Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac."""
"""The Democrats in the Senate and some members of Congress defended what Fannie and Freddie were doing. They resisted any change."""
"Obama ""voted for ... $3-million for an overhead projector at a planetarium in Chicago."""
" Barack Obama voted against ""born alive"" legislation in Illinois that was ""virtually identical to the federal law."""
"""I want to give every American a $5,000 refundable tax credit."""
"A mortgage buyback plan is ""my proposal, it's not Sen. Obama's proposal, it's not President Bush's proposal."""
"Under Barack Obama's health care proposal, ""if you've got a health care plan that you like, you can keep it."""
"John McCain ""is proposing tax cuts that would give the average Fortune 500 CEO an additional $700,000 in tax cuts."""
"""Two years ago...I wrote to Secretary Paulson, I wrote to Federal Reserve Chairman Bernanke, and told them [subprime lending] is something we have to deal with."""
"""Senator McCain has been talking tough about earmarks, and that's good, but earmarks account for about $18-billion of our budget."""
"""I have disagreed strongly with the Bush administration on this issue"" of global warming."
"""Obama held one of the first meetings of his political career in Bill Ayers's home. And they've worked together on various projects in Chicago."""
McCain intervened on behalf of Charles Keating with federal regulators... that allowed Keating to continue his fraud at an incredible cost to taxpayers.
"""John McCain voted against funding the troops because of . . . a timeline in it to draw down American troops."""
"""As mayor, every year I was in office I did reduce taxes."""
"""You ... said that Barack Obama was not ready to be commander in chief."""
"""Barack Obama ... 96 percent of his votes have been solely along party line."""
"""John McCain said...in December he was surprised there was a subprime mortgage problem."""
"Palin supports ""aerial hunting of wolves and other wildlife."""
"""Under Barack Obama's plan, the government would spend $1-trillion more."""
"""Palin (proposed) a $150 bounty for the severed foreleg of each killed wolf."""
"that under his tax plan, seniors making less than $50,000 per year won't pay any income taxes."
"""John McCain fought to rein in Fannie and Freddie...but Democrats blocked the reforms."""
" ""There are so many loopholes ... our businesses pay effectively one of the lowest tax rates in the world."" "
"""My plan offers three times as much tax relief to the middle class as Senator McCain's."""
"John McCain ""has threatened extinction for North Korea and sung songs about bombing Iran."""
"McCain ""said the other day that he would not meet potentially with the prime minister of Spain, because he . . . wasn't sure whether they were aligned with us."""
"Henry Kissinger ""said that we should meet with Iran — guess what — without precondition."""
"""The average South Korean is 3 inches taller than the average North Korean, a huge gulag."""
"Under Obama's tax plan, ""95 percent of you will get a tax cut."""
"John McCain wants to ""give oil companies another $4-billion"" in tax breaks."
"""You know, we spent $3-million to study the DNA of bears in Montana."""
" ""He has asked for $932-million of earmark pork-barrel spending, nearly a million dollars for every day that he’s been in the United States Senate."" "
"Obama says McCain went to Bermuda and ""pledged to protect tax breaks for American corporations that hide their profits offshore."""
"""Grateful insurance company executives and their lobbyists"" from Bermuda gave McCain $50,000."
"Sarah Palin endorsed a Wasilla policy that charged sexual assault victims for their ""rape kits."""
" John McCain would ""reduce oversight of health insurance."" "
"Barack Obama got more campaign contributions from Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac ""than any other member of Congress, except for the Democratic chairmen of the committee that oversees them."""
"Obama's tax plan cuts taxes ""for 95 percent of all working families."""
"John McCain's tax plan will give no reduction ""for 100-million American families."""
"McCain economic adviser Phil Gramm is ""the architect of some of the deregulation in Washington that helped cause the mess on Wall Street."""
John McCain said last year he didn't know of a solution to the mortgage crisis.
"""Obama has asked for $932-million in earmarks, literally $1-million for every day that he’s been in Congress."""
"""When George Bush said we shouldn't investigate why the government's response to Hurricane Katrina was so incompetent, John McCain stood with him."" "
"""I fought to bring about the largest private-sector infrastructure project in North American history."""
"Sarah Palin was repeating ""Abraham Lincoln's words"" in discussing the war in Iraq. "
"""He admits he still doesn't know how to use a computer, can't send an e-mail."""
"Palin ""inherited a city with zero debt, but left it with indebtedness of over $22-million."""
"John McCain ""took on the drug industry."""
"Palin ""fired Wasilla's Police Chief because he 'intimidated' her."""
"""While Sarah was Mayor of Wasilla she tried to fire our highly respected City Librarian because the Librarian refused to consider removing from the library some books that Sarah wanted removed."""
"""The average American family"" saw income rise $7,500 under Bill Clinton and decline $2,000 under George Bush."
"""My grandfather came home from ... (World War II) exhausted from the burdens he had borne, and died the next day."""
"""Senator Obama thinks we can achieve energy independence without more drilling and without more nuclear power."""
"""That luxury jet was over the top. I put it on eBay."""
"""I will keep taxes low and cut them where I can. My opponent will raise them."""
"Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ""said, quote, 'I can't stand John McCain.' "" "
"Barack Obama supports plans to raise ""income taxes ... payroll taxes."""
"""Gov. Palin ... is somebody who actually doesn't believe that climate change is man-made."""
"""I told the Congress 'thanks, but no thanks,' on that Bridge to Nowhere."""
"""Governor Palin is the most popular governor in the country."""
"""We spent $3-million of your money to study the DNA of bears."""
"Sarah Palin ""already has more executive experience"" than Barack Obama and Joe Biden ""combined."""
"Drilling in ANWR would have minimal impact, covering only ""2,000 out of 20-million acres."""
"""As governor, I've stood up to ... the big oil companies."""
"Joe Biden ""voted against the first Gulf War. He opposed the surge. He wanted to partition Iraq."""
"Sarah Palin ""has had 12 years of elected office experience."""
"When oil and gas prices sent state revenues up, Palin sent ""a large share of that revenue directly back to the people of Alaska."""
"""Today, we import triple the amount of oil than we had on the day Senator McCain took office."""
"Three years ago, John McCain said, ""Afghanistan — we don't read about it anymore in papers because it succeeded."""
"""John McCain has voted with George Bush 90 percent of the time."""
McCain voted 19 times against a minimum-wage increase.
"(McCain) says ""we can't have ... timelines to draw down our troops from Iraq."""
"""There's only four senators senior to me ... there's still 44 older than me."""
"Biden is ""one of the least wealthy members of the U.S. Senate."""
"The U.S. energy policy is to ""borrow money from China to buy oil from countries that don't like us."""
"McCain ""said he was 'stumped' when asked whether contraceptives help stop the spread of HIV."""
"As a state senator in Illinois, Obama made sure women got equal pay for equal work."
"""Less than four cents of every health care dollar is spent on prevention and public health."""
"""We spend more on health care than any other country, but we're ranked 47th in life expectancy and 43rd in child mortality."""
"""Whether in Illinois or Washington, Barack Obama has bridged partisanship to bring about significant reform."""
"""More than 12,500 service men and women have been discharged on the basis of sexual orientation since the ""Don't Ask, Don't Tell"" policy was implemented, at a cost of over $360 million. Many of those forced out had special skills in high demand, such as translators, engineers, and pilots."""
"While in the Illinois Senate, Barack Obama passed legislation moving people ""from welfare to jobs."""
"While in the Illinois Senate, Barack Obama passed ""tax cuts for hard-working families."""
"The Bush administration's latest plans for troop withdrawal from Iraq by 2011 are ""more or less the same time frame I announced two years ago."" "
"""Joe Biden brought Republicans and Democrats together to pass the 1994 crime bill, putting 100,000 cops on the streets and starting an eight-year drop in crime across the country."""
"""Joe Biden wrote the Violence Against Women Act ... the rate of domestic violence went down dramatically."""
"McCain once said that on ""the most important issues of our day, I've been totally in agreement and support of President Bush."""
"McCain ""supported George Bush's policies 95 percent of the time."""
John McCain has seven houses.
"McCain, ""voted against renewable sources of energy, against biofuels, against solar power, against wind power.... """
"""Sen. McCain was already turning his sights to Iraq just days after 9/11, and he became a leading supporter of an invasion and occupation of (Iraq)."""
"""It (Georgia) was one of the earliest Christian nations. The king of then-Georgia in the third century converted to Christianity."""
Obama replaced the American flag on the tail of his plane with his campaign logo.
"The musical Mamma Mia! has ""been selling out for years."" "
"McCain's attacks on Obama are 'not true,' 'false,' 'baloney,' according to media outlets."
"""John McCain's top foreign policy adviser lobbied for... the Republic of Georgia, and McCain has mirrored the position advocated by the government."""
"McCain is ""raising campaign cash with one of (Jack) Abramoff's closest business partners: scandal-plagued conservative activist Ralph Reed."""
"""First, he (Obama) opposed the surge. Then he confidently predicted that it would fail. Then he tried to prevent funding for the troops who carried out the surge."""
"""McCain opposed a requirement that the government buy American-made motorcycles. And he said all buy-American provisions were quote 'disgraceful.' """
"""Big oil's filling John McCain's campaign with $2-million in contributions."""
"Spending increases, not tax cuts, are the major cause of the federal budget deficit. "
"""We could save all the oil that they're talking about getting off drilling, if everybody was just inflating their tires and getting regular tune-ups."""
"""I have repeatedly said that many of the predatory loans that were made in the mortgage system did target African-American and Latino communities."""
"Obama said his proposed $1,000 emergency energy rebate ""will be enough to offset the increased cost of gas for a working family over the next 4 months."""
"""McCain got more money from Airbus' U.S. executives than any other politician."""
"""Wild Bill Hickok had his first duel in the town square here. And the family legend is that he is a distant cousin of mine."" "
"In the wake of hurricanes Katrina and Rita, offshore drilling ""did not cause any real difficulties."""
Obama flip-flopped on banning handguns.
Obama has flip-flopped on public campaign financing.
"""We now have a pro-American president in France, which shows if you live long enough, anything can happen in this world."""
"""For at least a year now, I have called for two additional brigades, perhaps three."""
McCain has switched to Obama's position on more troops to Afghanistan.
"""Obama never held a single Senate hearing on Afghanistan."""
"Obama ""voted against funding our troops."""
"""We've heard talk about curbing our use of fossil fuels in nearly every State of the Union address since the oil embargo of 1973."""
"Obama ""voted for and even sponsored amendments that were intended to kill the (immigration overhaul) legislation."""
"""McCain used to buck his party on immigration by fighting for comprehensive reform. . . . But when he was running for his party's nomination, he . . . said that he wouldn't even support his own legislation if it came up for a vote."""
"""I investigated Abramoff and people ended up in jail."""
Obama flip-flopped on warrantless wiretapping.
"Obama worked with ""Sen. Dick Lugar, a Republican, to help lock down loose nuclear weapons."""
"""Barack Obama said he would debate 'anywhere, anytime' but has rejected joint town hall meetings."""
"U.S. forces in Iraq and Afghanistan include a ""few thousand that are still green card holders who are not even citizens of this country."""
"""Throughout his time in elected office, Barack Obama has taken multiple positions on banning handguns and the D.C. handgun ban."""
"Obama opposes lower gas taxes, nuclear power, new offshore drilling and doesn't have ""new solutions"" to the energy crisis. "
"""(My dad) used to campaign against the gas-guzzling dinosaurs."""
McCain tells of a fellow Vietnam POW who was beaten for fashioning an American flag that became an inspirational symbol to fellow POWs. 
"""The legislation ... that Senator McCain supports would provide the authority for the federal government to surveille American citizens in their own country without any suspicion whatsoever that they're engaging in discussions with terrorists or about criminal activity."""
"""He won't even support his colleague's ... motion to censure the Bush administration for systemic repeated illegal wiretaps."""
"""The most recent Associated Press poll has Nader-Gonzalez at 6 percent, without any national coverage, against McCain and Obama."""
"Obama says his bill ""reduced welfare rolls nearly 80 percent."""
Obama opposes offshore drilling and a gas tax holiday. 
"""When he was asked a few years ago whether he could see himself lifting the cap on the payroll tax, (McCain) said, 'I could.' But today he's attacking me for holding the very same position."""
"""I've always said it's (offshore drilling) up to the states and I still say that."""
"John McCain ""opposed legislation to fund levees and flood control programs, which he considers pork."""
"Barack Obama ""extended health care for wounded troops who'd been neglected."""
"""You know, the approval rating of Congress is down to 13 percent."""
"Barack Obama ""passed laws moving people from welfare to work."""
"""More than half of all black children live in single-parent households, a number that has doubled — doubled — since we were children."""
"Barack Obama ""cut taxes for working families."""
"We're borrowing money from China and Saudi Arabia ""to finance this war"" in Iraq."
"We are ""borrowing Saudi money for Saudi oil"" with the result being ""dependency and debt."""
"""I joined the Gang of 14, seven Republicans, seven Democrats, so that we wouldn't blow up the United States Senate.  Sen. Obama had the opportunity to join that group.  He chose not to."""
"Obama ""wants a windfall profits tax on oil to go along with the new taxes he also plans for coal and natural gas."""
"""George Bush, and a Republican Congress, have presided over a 55 percent increase in the size of domestic government spending in the last seven years."""
"""Obama has maintained a friendship with a now convicted felon."""
"""McCain lobbied for (a) $10-million pork project honoring conservative justice."""
"""John McCain stood up to the president and sounded the alarm on global warming ... five years ago."""
"John McCain opposed bankruptcy protections for families ""who were only in bankruptcy because of medical expenses they couldn't pay."""
"John McCain says he never supported the privatization of Social Security, even though video shows he did."
"""(Ronald Reagan) raised taxes a billion dollars in his first year as governor of California."""
"""The U.S. Navy has sailed ships around the world for 60 years with nuclear power plants on them and we've never had an accident."""
"""Casualties and deaths are at (their) lowest point since literally the beginning"" of the war."
"When the United States invaded Iraq, Saddam Hussein wanted to acquire weapons of mass destruction, and ""he said so himself after his capture."""
"""Ronald Reagan met with Gorbachev; Kennedy met with Khruschev; and Nixon met with Mao — and these were folks who have done horrendous damage not only to their own countries but to other countries."""
"""Obama voted to support President Bush between 40 and 50 percent of the time over the past two years."""
"""John McCain decided to stand with George Bush 95 percent of the time (last year)."""
"John McCain ""has not led on nonproliferation issues when he had the chance in the Senate."""
"Obama's wife said her goal in life was to put the black community ""first and foremost."""
"""Sen. Obama has been to Iraq once."""
"""I had an uncle ... who was part of the first American troops to go into Auschwitz and liberate the concentration camps."""
"McCain ""hired some of the biggest lobbyists in Washington to run his campaign."""
"When McCain was questioned about hiring lobbyists to his campaign staff, ""his top lobbyist actually had the nerve to say, 'The American people won't care about this.' """
"""Ten years ago, John McCain offered a bill that said he would ban a candidate from paying registered lobbyists."""
"""Sen. Obama has declared, and repeatedly reaffirmed his intention to meet the president of Iran without any preconditions."""
"A gas tax holiday is a gimmick that ""every economist says will just go into the pockets of the oil companies."""
"McCain ""voted against a bill to ban waterboarding, and then applauded President Bush for vetoing that ban."""
"""NATO hasn't provided enough troops (in Afghanistan) because they are still angry about us going into Iraq."""
"""Obama himself voted against funding our nation's veterans and troops in the field during a time of war."""
"McCain sought the political support of minister John Hagee, ""who believes Hurricane Katrina was God's punishment for gay rights and called the Catholic Church 'the Antichrist' and a 'false cult.'"""
"""The pastor McCain calls his 'spiritual guide,' Rod Parsley, believes America's founding mission is to destroy Islam, which he calls a 'false religion.' """
"""If West Virginia had voted for our Democratic nominee in 2000 and 2004, we wouldn't have had to put up with George Bush for the last 7 years."""
"Eliminating earmarks ""would make barely a drop in the bucket with regard to the national debt, the deficit."""
"""We borrow money from the Chinese to buy oil from the Saudis."""
"""It is just a fact that Hamas, apparently the North American spokesperson, is endorsing Senator Obama."""
"""More people without health care since George Bush took office; more children in poverty since George Bush took office."""
"""We spend a staggering amount of money on health care — over $2-trillion and almost twice as much as any other country per person."""
"""For what we spend in just one week in Iraq, 800,000 children could get health insurance for an entire year."""
"""My friend, we have increased the size of government by some 40 percent just in the last few years."""
"A gas tax holiday ""would at best provide 30 cents a day for three months for a grand total of $28."""
"""If Senator Clinton or John McCain had stood up in previous years for increases in fuel efficiency standards . . . then we would not be in this same situation in the first place."""
"Tax rates were significantly higher ""in the '40s, the '50s, and the '60s."""
"Every family health insurance policy has ""a $900 hidden tax"" to subsidize health care costs of the uninsured."
"Hillary Clinton advocates ""a freeze on foreclosures. Barack Obama said no."""
"""A year ago, in March 2007, I called for immediate action to address abuses in the subprime market, and I laid out detailed concrete proposals for how to do so."" "
"The Rev. Wright compared ""the United States Marine Corps with Roman legionnaires who were responsible for the death of our Savior."""
"Barack Obama ""wants to nearly double the capital gains tax"" increasing taxes on ""mutual funds, 401(k)s"" for ""policemen, firemen, nurses."""
"""McCain has voted repeatedly at least six times against funding for global HIV/AIDS, malaria and TB fund, once as one of only 14 senators."""
"""Bill Clinton invited him (the Rev. Wright) to the White House when he was having his personal crises."""
"""As a state senator, he (Obama) even refused to support a measure to stop sex businesses from opening near schools or places of worship!"""
"Hillary Clinton is ""willing to have workers' wages garnisheed if they refuse to buy health insurance."""
"""Hillary Clinton supported NAFTA and permanent China trade. Pennsylvania lost thousands of jobs."""
"""Obama voted for the Bush-Cheney energy bill that put $6-billion in the pocket of big oil."""
"""More than one person, on average, a day is murdered in Philadelphia."""
"""Hillary Clinton has taken over $800,000 from lobbyists."""
"""Barack Obama accepted $200,000 from executives and employees of oil companies."""
"Barack Obama is ""the only candidate who doesn't take a dime from oil company PACs or lobbyists."""
"Obama served on a board with former Weather Underground member William Ayers and ""that relationship with Mr. Ayers on this board continued after 9/11."""
"""Again today (Ahmadinejad) made light of 9/11, and said that he's not even sure it happened and that people actually died."""
"The United States is ""seeing greater income inequality now than any time since the 1920s."""
she is the subject of 60 books.
"""I'm the product of a mixed marriage that would have been illegal in 12 states when I was born."""
"Barack Obama's network of small donors constitutes a ""parallel public financing system."""
"""He took on special interests and won, passing the toughest ethics law yet."""
"""He positions himself as pro environment, but he scored a zero — yes, zero — from the League of Conservation Voters last year."""
"""The Children's Defense Fund rated McCain as the worst senator in Congress for children."""
"""John McCain voted against establishing a national holiday in honor of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr."""
"""I did very well with young people in Ohio, Massachusetts, California."""
"""McCain opposes a woman's right to choose."""
"McCain's ""plan for the economy is to extend George Bush's tax cuts for billionaires and give a $100-billion additional corporate tax cut."""
"""Iraq is costing each household about $100 a month."""
"Obama spent ""40 percent of the PAC money, 43 percent to be exact, on Iowa, New Hampshire, Nevada and South Carolina politicians."""
"""(Obama) did accept donations from lobbyists and PACs and he spent money in this campaign from that, through his political action committee."""
"""I am a candidate. I have not withdrawn."""
"John McCain and George Bush have ""absolutely no plan for universal health care."""
"McCain and Bush are millionaires who are ""for tax cuts for millionaires."""
"John McCain and George W. Bush want to spend ""a trillion dollars in Iraq over the next 10 years."""
Obama says Clinton in 2002 suggested there was a connection between al-Qaida and the Iraqi government. 
"""I've been standing up against ... the Chinese government over women's rights and standing up for human rights."" "
"""I helped to bring peace to Northern Ireland."" "
"""We've won twice as many states. We've won a greater share of the popular vote."""
"""I've spent 20 years devoted to working on behalf of families who are having a tough time and are seeking out the American dream."""
"""John McCain says it's okay with him if the U.S. spends the next thousand years in Iraq."""
"""I committed to public financing; (Obama) committed to public financing."""
Clinton did not read the National Intelligence Estimate before voting for the Iraq war.
"""Obama's liberal fiscal agenda: Over $874-billion in new spending."""
"""When we've got CEOs making more in 10 minutes than ordinary workers are making in a year ... then something is wrong."""
"A mailer from the Obama campaign ""accurately indicates"" that Hillary Clinton would ""force uninsured people to buy insurance, even if they can't afford it."""
"Barack Obama said in 2004 ""that he basically agreed with the way George Bush was conducting the war."""
"""Could I just point out that ... I seem to get the first question all the time?"""
"""He (Obama) chairs the subcommittee on Europe. ... He's held not one substantive hearing to do oversight."""
"""I want to freeze interest rates for five years."""
"Clinton said ""great things about NAFTA until she started running for president."" "
"""We send a billion dollars to foreign countries every day because of our addiction to foreign oil."""
"He's been endorsed by ""every major newspaper here in the state of Texas."""
"""We have seen hate crimes skyrocket in the wake of the immigration debate."""
The DNC says McCain flip-flopped on whether the Iraq War would be easy.
"""I have 35 years' experience making change."""
"""She flunked the D.C. bar exam."""
"John McCain ""said publicly that Hillary Clinton would make a good president."""
"""On issue after issue that really were hard to explain or understand, you voted present . . . And anytime anyone raises that, there's always some kind of explanation."""
"Hillary Clinton ""has the only health care plan that covers every American."""
"""I have something in common with my husband. He never carried caucuses either. He lost all of the ones that I've lost."""
"""Senator Obama has, in fact, never had a serious Republican challenger."""
"""8 years of the Clintons, major losses for Democrats across the nation."""
"Hillary Clinton ""starts off with 47 percent of the country against her."""
"""The last six polls, including this week's Time magazine, show that I beat John McCain by six or seven points."" "
"""I'm the only Republican who has gotten endorsements in this presidential race from major labor unions..."""
"""When I was in college, we used to take a popcorn popper . . . and we would fry squirrel."""
"""One man sacrificed for his country. One man opposed a flawed strategy in Iraq. One man had the courage to call for change. One man didn't play politics with the truth. One man stands up to the special interests."""
"""Sen. Obama has always had a 100 percent prochoice rating."""
"In the Illinois Legislature, Barack Obama ""voted 'present,' instead of yes or no"" on seven votes involving abortion rights."
"""George Bush sent people to war without body armor."""
"John McCain ""voted against the Bush tax cuts, both times."""
"""In her short time in the United States Senate, the senator from New York, Senator Clinton, got $500-million worth of pork barrel projects."""
"John McCain has said the economy is ""not his strong suit."""
"""(John McCain) was even mentioned as a running mate with John Kerry."""
"Hillary Clinton ""actually differed with (John McCain) by arguing for exceptions for torture before changing positions."""
"Hillary Clinton ""agreed with (John McCain) on voting for the war in Iraq."""
"""(Romney's) record was that he raised taxes by $730-million."""
"Hillary Clinton agrees with John McCain ""by voting to give George Bush the benefit of the doubt on Iran."""
"""Let's not blame President Bush for all of this. We've got a Congress who sat around on their hands and done nothing but spend a lot of money ... leaving us $9-trillion in debt that we're passing on to our grandchildren."""
"""He told gay organizers in Massachusetts he would be a stronger advocate for special rights than even Ted Kennedy."""
"""Two-thirds of our economy is a consumer economy."""
"Romney used to favor gun control, and said he didn't want to go back to Reagan-Bush."
"Said he's the only Republican candidate ""who's actually turned around a government economy."" "
"Mitt Romney previously believed ""that abortion should be safe and legal in this country."" Now he is ""prolife."""
"""Now, I also support the Bush tax cuts. Sen. McCain voted against them originally. He now believes they should be made permanent. I'm glad he agrees they should be made permanent."" "
"""But it was Hillary Clinton, in an interview with Tom Brokaw, who quote 'paid tribute' to Ronald Reagan's economic and foreign policy."""
"Hillary Clinton wants to ""wave the white flag of surrender and set a date for withdrawal."""
"""The 1990s were a time of prosperity. We created more than 22-million new jobs, moved 8-million people out of poverty, and turned our economy around."""
"""We have more coal reserves in the United States than they have oil reserves in Saudi Arabia."""
"""The average American is working through the month of May just to pay off the government."""
"""Bill Clinton's peace dividend . . . cut the military 25 and 30 percent."" "
Barack Obama's church gave a lifetime achievement award to Louis Farrakhan. 
"""While I was working on those streets watching those folks see their jobs shift overseas, you were a corporate lawyer sitting on the board at Wal-Mart."""
"""If you are African-American in this country today, you are likely to have a net worth of about 10 percent of what white families have."""
"The Bush administration has ""the Pentagon trying to take away the signing bonuses when a soldier gets wounded and ends up in the hospital, something that I'm working with a Republican senator to try to make sure never can happen again."""
"""And delivered more tax relief than the other Republicans combined."""
"""Barack (Obama) has one of his biggest supporters in terms of funding, the Exelon Corporation, which has spent millions of dollars trying to make Yucca Mountain the waste depository."""
"""And he's the only candidate who will fight for a national catastrophe fund to reduce insurance rates."""
he passed a bill to stop a military requirement that wounded soldiers pay for meals and phone calls.
"""Congress just passed another huge, pork-filled spending bill. The Democrats allowed less than a day to read all 3,400 pages and stuffed it with nearly 10,000 earmarks costing about $10-billion dollars."""
"""I'm proud of the fact that I've raised more money from small donors than anybody else, and that we're getting $25, $50, $100 donations, and we've done very well doing it that way."""
"""You know, Sen. McCain said the other day that we might have troops (in Iraq) for 100 years..."""
"""I believe, Senator Clinton, you've raised more money from those people (the oil and gas industry) than any candidate, Democrat or Republican."""
"""The fact is it's not amnesty."""
"Barack Obama ""said in 2004 there was no difference between (Obama) and George Bush on the war."" "
"""I took on the worst road system in the country, according to Trucker's magazine. When I left, they said it was the most improved road system in the country."""
"The church Barack Obama belongs to has a ""nonnegotiable commitment to Africa."""
"Time magazine called him ""one of America's best governors."""
"""You've got a building in the Cayman Islands that supposedly houses 12,000 corporations. That's either the biggest building or the biggest tax scam on record."""
"""There's not a major bill I know with Hillary's name on it."""
"""Mike Huckabee raised taxes on dog groomers!"""
"""There are 7,000 kids in New Hampshire who have health care because I helped to create the Children's Health Insurance Program."""
"As secretary of the Department of Energy under former President Bill Clinton, ""I created reserves of home heating oil."""
"""You said you would vote against the Patriot Act, then you came to the Senate, you voted for it."""
"""Sen. Obama's chair in New Hampshire is a lobbyist. He lobbies for the drug companies."""
"""Ronald Reagan did amnesty."""
"""Bill Clinton cut the military drastically."""
"""...some of those (tax increases) were either court-ordered, or they were voted on by the people and approved by the people for (such) things as roads."""
"""Sen. McCain says it was not a mistake to vote against the Bush tax cuts ... but now says the tax cuts need to be made permanent."" "
"""If you got rid of the income tax today you'd have about as much revenue as we had 10 years ago."""
"""Average families are spending roughly $2,000 more a year on energy costs. ... It's like a $2,000 energy tax in just the last seven years, more than three times what the typical American family received from the Bush tax cuts."""
"""Mitt Romney says the next president doesn't need foreign policy experience."""
"""The fact of the matter is that my colleague from New York, Senator Clinton, there are 50 percent of the American public that say they're not going to vote for her."""
"""He's a good man but he's a pro-life liberal. He's right on the pro-life part, but he's a liberal."""
"""McCain opposes repeal of the death tax."""
" Former business partner Robert Gay says: ""The man who helped save my daughter was Mitt Romney."" "
"Romney refused to pardon ""a decorated soldier"" returning from Iraq who had been charged with a crime involving a BB gun when he was 13."
"Huckabee ""granted 1,033 pardons and commutations . . . more clemencies than the previous three governors combined."""
"he has ""the most impressive education record"" of the Republican candidates."
"""One out of every four homeless people on our streets is a veteran."""
"""As governor, Mike Huckabee supported higher income taxes, sales taxes, gas taxes, grocery taxes, tobacco taxes, beer taxes, Internet taxes, nursing home bed taxes."""
"""I'm prolife. I'm not going to apologize for becoming prolife. Ronald Reagan followed that same course, as did Henry Hyde and George Herbert Walker Bush. And I'm proud to be prolife."""
"""It used to be the policy of the Republican Party to get rid of the Department of Education. We finally get in charge and a chance to do something, so we double the size of the Department of Education."""
""" ... following World War II war crime trials were convened. The Japanese were tried and convicted and hung for war crimes committed against American POWs. Among those charges for which they were convicted was waterboarding."""
"""George Bush ... used a signing statement (on a FEMA bill) to say, 'I don't have to follow that, unless I choose to.' """
"""Productivity has risen 18 percent ...yet wages have stayed flat... There are 5-million more people in poverty here in our country than there were in 2000."""
"""Thanks to President Bush's policies....The income gap is now higher than at any time since the Great Depression."" "
"""Five percent of Americans pay over half the income taxes in this country. Forty percent of Americans pay no income taxes at all."""
"""We've got some 37-million of our fellow citizens who are living in poverty; about 12-million or 13-million are children."""
"""When Pakistan erupted in crisis, I spoke to Musharraf before Bush did."""
"""He's (Romney) the one who said that he would be to the left of Teddy Kennedy on gay rights."""
"Mike Huckabee ""supported taxpayer-funded scholarships for illegal aliens."""
"""This guy didn't even support Ronald Reagan."""
"""A ham and cheese sandwich on one slice of bread is the responsibility of the USDA ... But a ham and cheese sandwich on two slices of bread is the responsibility of the Food and Drug Administration."""
"""The oddest thing is he doesn't want to do for America what he did for Massachusetts. He did mandate health care for Massachusetts, which is HillaryCare, and he doesn't want to do that for America."""
"""Senator Obama's relatives and friends say he has been talking about running for president for at least the last 15 years,"" a campaign spokesman said."
" Huckabee supported ""a tuition break to the children of illegals that are here illegally when citizens are having to pay a higher rate."" "
"Romney said ""'No' to in-state tuition"" for illegal immigrants."
"""He was a member of the Iraq Study Group and was either fired or quit from a very important commission that was trying to figure out the way forward in Iraq."""
"MikeHuckabee.com gets ""more hits than virtually any other presidential candidate."""
"Barack Obama's health care plan ""would leave 15-million Americans out."""
"""I get the most money from active duty officers and military personnel."" "
"""I saved the taxpayers $2-billion on a bogus Air Force Boeing tanker deal where people went to jail."""
"""In the African-American community today, 68 percent of kids born are born out of wedlock."""
"""The mayor said … 'if you happen to be in this country in an undocumented status . . . then we welcome you here.  We want you here.  We'll protect you here.' """
"Romney failed to take action against ""sanctuary cities"" in Massachusetts."
"""So what sort of services does Romney's health care plan provide? Per the state Web site: $50 co-pay for abortions."""
"""I'm proud to have had a 100 percent pro-life voting record."""
"""Fred's never had a 100 percent record on right-to-life in his Senate career. The records reflect that. And he doesn't support the human life amendment, which is most amazing because that's been a part of the Republican platform since 1980."" "
"""I won the South Carolina primary in 2004, and I was way behind in the polls at this stage in 2004."""
"Barack Obama's health care plan ""would leave 15 million Americans out."" "
"""Murder went up"" when Romney was governor. ""Robbery went up. Violent crimes went up."""
"""The truth of the matter is that during my administration, the FBI's crime statistics show that violent crime was reduced in Massachusetts by 7 percent."""
"""If Sen. Hillary Clinton could enact all of her campaign proposals, taxpayers would be faced with financing more than $777.6-billion in new spending over one White House term."""
"""I believe in tax cuts. I believe in being a supply-sider. I cut the income tax I think it was 24 percent. We got 42 percent more revenues."""
"""The $2.3-billion budget deficit I inherited when I came into office became a $2.9-billion surplus."""
"""Americans spend 100-million hours a year filling out these forms (FAFSA). That is the equivalent of 55,500 full-time jobs."""
"""America never made up for the gutting of the intelligence services that Bill Clinton did. I think those are (former CIA director George) Tenet's words ... that Bill Clinton gutted American intelligence."""
"""Three out of the 18 benchmarks of the (GAO) have been fulfilled. Even among Republican math, that is a failing grade."""
"""When Sen. Edwards ran in 2004, he wasn't for universal health care. I'm glad he is now."""
"""Well, you know, the Teamsters wanted to drill in Alaska. I voted against drilling in Alaska. So it's not like I'm a slam dunk on every issue."""
"""As governor of Arkansas, I cut taxes and fees almost 100 times, saving the taxpayers almost $380-million. I left a surplus of nearly $850-million."""
"Huckabee ""was one of the highest taxing governors that we had in this country and rivaling Bill Clinton in terms of the Cato ratings."" "
"""My husband has not withheld a single document."""
"""Our children's safety is potentially at risk because nearly half of the apple juice consumed by our children comes from apples grown in China."""
"""Mayor Giuliani's lawsuit killed the line-item veto."""
"""John McCain is right on that one. The line-item veto is the best tool the president has to rein in excessive spending."""
"""There was a report that came out from the FBI – a warning, not a report ... saying that, in fact, al-Qaida was planning to attack malls during the Christmas holidays."""
"""Our tax code is so complicated it extracts $140 billion in extra tax preparation costs every year - one thousand dollars for every American family."" "
"""I've got the most international experience here."""
"""The Alternative Minimum Tax was never intended to hit people in middle income, upper middle income. It was meant for people who are rich and evading taxes."""
"""The Alternative Minimum Tax...was created by Congress in 1969 to affect 155 wealthy Americans. Because it was never indexed for inflation, those original 155 taxpayers has increased to affect about 3.5-million in 2006."" "
"Clinton has ""raised the most money from Washington lobbyists ... from the health industry, drug companies, health insurance companies (and) the defense industry."" "
"""I'm the only person on this stage who has worked actively just last year passing, along with Russ Feingold, some of the toughest ethics reform since Watergate."""
"""We had a No Child Left Behind — a similar piece of legislation in our state a number of years ago, well before the federal law. And it's had a big impact here. It's improved schools."""
"""Dodd brought both parties together to pass the Family and Medical Leave Act."""
"Obama spokesman Bill Burton says Clinton gave Bush ""a blank check on a critical foreign policy issue."""
"Sen. Obama ""made the very argument he is now criticizing back in November 2006."""
"""Fifty-six percent decline in overall crime. A 73 percent decline in motor-vehicle theft. A 67 percent decline in robbery. A 66 percent decline in murder. This is way beyond what happened in the nation during this period of time. "
"""Going to public financing really disadvantages Democrats because you're not able to raise funds between the day you win the primaries and the time you're officially nominated."" "
"""I supported tort reform with regard to securities...product liability...interstate commerce."" "
"""Mitt Romney opposed the gun lobby, even Ronald Reagan."""
"""Fences have not worked. The Great Wall of China, the Berlin Wall. That's not good among peoples, especially friends like the United States and Mexico."""
"President Clinton ""reduced the scale of our military dramatically."" "
"""The founders advised non-interventionism."""
"He received ""A"" ratings from ""every conservative organization that gives ratings."""
" Nearly half of Hispanic voters in Arizona's last election supported four measures that were ""very tough on illegal immigration."""
"""Senator Clinton tried to spend $1 million on the Woodstock Concert Museum."""
"""I've seen (life) from the factory floor when I was working the graveyard shift ...and I'd be ankle-deep in water at the Murray Ohio bicycle plant where I was running a machine that was so loud I couldn't hear myself yell if I wanted to."" "
"""First, he said he would leave residual forces in Iraq, and now he says he wouldn't."""
"""First, he was in favor of my plan, now he's attacking it."""
"""First, he said he would take all of our troops out in six months, and now he acknowledges it would take a year."""
"""What happens is people like Warren Buffett — and he says this himself...pay 15 percent on the millions of dollars that they earn from wealth income... while their secretary is paying a higher rate on her work income. It's not right."""
"Mitt Romney has ""a pro-choice record."""
"Mitt Romney boasts that he is ""proud to be the only major candidate for president to sign the tax pledge. The others have not.""  "
"""John Edwards never -- has ever from the beginning of his political career has never taken PAC money or the money of Washington lobbyists. Ever."" -Joe Trippi, senior campaign adviser"
"""With the resources it takes to execute just over three months of the Iraq war, we could fully fund the expansion of health care for needy children that Bush vetoed."""
"""This (SCHIP) is socialized medicine. It is going to go to families that make $60,000 a year. Those aren't poor children."""
"""With one stroke of his pen, President Bush has denied health insurance to 3.8 million kids who were due to get it under this bipartisan expansion of the Children's Health Insurance Program."""
"""We spent approximately $20-billion of that money on pork barrel, earmark projects. Maybe if we had done it right, maybe some of that money would have gone to inspect those bridges and other bridges across the country."""
"""Earmarked dollars have doubled just since 2000, and more than tripled in the last 10 years."""
"""She stood by our National Guard and Reserve and kept standing till they received health care they deserved."" "
"""She stood by ground zero workers who sacrificed their health after so many sacrificed their lives and kept standing till this administration took action."""
"""A lot of people don't know that 50,000 Americans now make their living off eBay."""
"""I cut taxes 23 times when I was mayor of New York City."""
"""Hillary stood up for universal health care when almost no one else would, and kept standing till 6-million kids had coverage."" "
"Rural schools ""face the highest dropout rates, the lowest college enrollment rates, have the lowest average teacher salaries..."" "
"""Look, I believe in accountability. In 1983, I led the effort in Arkansas to improve our schools."""
"""I have not changed my position on the (gay) marriage amendment or anything else related to marriage."""
"""I don't think that Rudy or Fred or John McCain support the marriage amendment."""
"""He's sued gun manufacturers. He was supportive of Brady. He was supportive of things like assault weapon bans."""
"""It doesn't make sense to me to send $1-billion a day out of our country. We can be energy independent and should be."" "
"""With those first principles, it allowed a fellow like me to get in his truck and go from one end of the state to the other; started 20 points down and wound up 20 points ahead on election night."""
"""One man opposed a flawed strategy in Iraq. One man had the courage to call for change. One man didn't play politics with the truth."" "
"""When I was mayor of New York City, I encouraged adoptions. Adoptions went up 65-70 percent. Abortions went down 16 percent."" "
"""I opposed this war from the beginning. I opposed the war in 2002.  I opposed the war in 2003.  I opposed it in 2004 and 2005 and 2006."""
"""Today New Mexico (has) the sixth-fastest growing economy."" "
"""Social Security ... is solid through about 2040 without any changes whatsoever."" "
"""Mayor Giuliani made New York City what's known as a 'sanctuary city,' where illegal aliens were allowed to come. And he instructed the leaders of the city not to enforce the law, not to enforce immigration law."""
"""Bill Richardson is the only major Democratic candidate with a plan to withdraw all American troops from Iraq. All of the other major Democratic candidates support leaving American troops in Iraq indefinitely."""
"""The Republican governor who stood up and cut spending instead of raising taxes."""
"""Obama Skips Out On Condemning Left-Wing Attacks On Gen. Petraeus Despite Casting Other 'Important Votes' Earlier And Later In The Day."""
"Obama ""won health care for 150,000 people."""
"""21-million Americans could have a four-year college scholarship for the money we've squandered in Iraq. 7.6-million teachers could have been hired last year if we weren't squandering this money."" "
"""And it's going to be difficult for us to do this as long as we're spending $275 million a day on a war that should have never been authorized..."""
"""Sixty-one percent of our active military are currently listed as overweight."""
"Her health care plan will cost $110-billion in the first year, which can be paid for with savings."
"""Each year, 18,000 people die in America because they don't have health care."""
"""Took on the Olympics and turned them around"""
"Half of all personal bankruptcies in America ""are caused by medical bills."""
"""Congressman Paul introduces numerous pieces of substantive legislation each year, probably more than any single member of Congress."""
"""He has never voted for a federal restriction on gun ownership."""
"Health insurance premiums ""have almost doubled ... since 2000."" "
"""We're spending $1.6 billion for all of Latin America in terms of aid and assistance, a  fraction of what we're spending in Iraq, the $500 billion we've spent there"" "
"Poor people go to a ""payday lender...and they pay 300, 400, 500 percent interest."""
"""I've cast a couple of 99-1 votes"" and been the lone dissenter."
"""Our whole food system in this country...most of it is genetically engineered. And (there is) no testing for the health consequences of this food."" "
"Guantanamo detainees ""get taxpayer-paid-for prayer rugs…they had honey-glazed chicken and rice pilaf."" "
" Thirty-four percent of Hispanics don't have any health care at all, don't have any health insurance.\u201D"
"""In every single country, she had a majority of the vote -- or more of those who'd already made up their minds."""
"""In New York, when she ran for reelection, she carried 58 of our 62 counties. George Bush had won 40 counties in New York just two years earlier."""
"""About 40 percent of Hispanic homeowners have subprime mortgages."""
"""During his tenure in Washington and in the Illinois State Senate, Barack Obama has accumulated a record of bipartisan success."""
"""Joe Biden is the only candidate with a plan to get us out of Iraq and keep us out."""
"""We've lost over 5,000 Americans over there in Afghanistan, in Iraq, and plus the civilians killed."" "
"""Sen. Obama worked on some of the deepest issues we had and was successful in a bipartisan way."""
"""Congress only funded half the wall"" between Mexico and the United States."
"""When NAFTA was passed, there was an acceleration of immigration from Mexico because people were in search of jobs."""
"""John Kerry was at 4 percent in the polls in December of 2003...and he ended up becoming the nominee of the party."" "
"""Thirty-four percent of Hispanics don't have any health care at all, don't have any health insurance."""
"""Senator McCain voted against the Bush tax cuts. Now he's for them."""
"""Currently, we're at 36 percent of our children born out of wedlock."""
"""I built that border fence in San Diego...and it reduced the smuggling of people and drugs...by 90 percent."""
"""The failings in our civil service are encouraged by a system that makes it very difficult to fire someone even for gross misconduct."""
" ""Bill Richardson passed the first law in the nation giving National Guard soldiers $400,000 in life insurance."""
"""In state after state, polls make clear that the American public understands the Kelo ruling is a disaster."""
"We live in ""a time of historically low violent crime rates and historically high gun ownership rates nationally."" "
"""I'm the first person who really took up the issue of the war. Four years ago I said that there was no proof that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction, and, actually... did an analysis which disproved the cause for the war."" "
"""You know we can't just pull out now... The truth of the matter is: If we started today, it would take one year, one year to get 160,000 troops physically out of Iraq, logistically."""
An estimated 56 million Americans don't have bank accounts.
"""(McCain) was opposed to ethanol. Now he's for it."""
"""(McCain) said he was opposed to overturning Roe v. Wade. Now he's for overturning Roe v. Wade."" "
"Hillary Clinton was against setting a deadline for withdrawal, but now she wants a ""precipitous withdrawal"" regardless of ""conditions on the ground"" or ""consequences of a defeat for the United States,"" an RNC radio ad."
"Barack Obama supported keeping troops in Iraq, but now he wants a ""precipitous withdrawal"" regardless of ""conditions on the ground"" or ""consequences of a defeat for the United States,"" an RNC radio ad."
"""Let's pay attention to kids who are not going to college, which ends up being about 60 percent of the kids... and get them trained for the jobs that are there. Because, you know, there are auto mechanic jobs paying $50,000, $60,000 that they can't get filled. There are airline mechanic jobs paying a lot of money that can't get filled."" Remarks at AFSCME forum 6/19/2007  "
"""He's leading by example, refusing contributions from PACs and Washington lobbyists."""
"""... study after study has shown that the death penalty deters murders."""
"""Roadside bombs are responsible for 70 percent of casualties in Iraq and these new mine-resistant vehicles can reduce those casualties by two-thirds."""
"""Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton have changed their positions (on the Iraq war withdrawal) to follow Chris Dodd."""
"""Democrats are kind of falling over each other seeing who can raise taxes faster. It looks like they're going to raise taxes anywhere between 20 to 30 percent."" "
"""Corporate profits are up, CEO pay is up, but average wages of Americans are flat."""
"""I used tax cuts to help create over 80,000 jobs in New Mexico."""
"""I'm for a three-state political solution in Iraq. (Romney) is not."""
"""If we increase fuel efficiency standards to 40, 45 miles a gallon, we would have to import zero oil from the Middle East."""
"""Both China and Japan have surpassed us, with Japanese cars now getting an average of 45 miles to the gallon."""
"New Mexico moved ""up to"" sixth in the nation in job growth."
"""New Mexico was 46th in teacher pay (when he was elected), now we're 29th."" "
"""We now have the greatest income inequality since the Great Depression."""
"""Tommy Thompson is the father of welfare reform, creating the groundbreaking Wisconsin Works program in Wisconsin that became the model for national and international reforms."" "
"""Tommy Thompson created the first school choice program in the nation, giving thousands of Milwaukee students the choice of where they go to school – no matter where they live or how much money their parents make."""
